1, I am actually horrified this place is still in business. My 3 year old son needed a haircut this past summer and the lure of the $7 kids cut signs got me in the door. We had to wait a few minutes as both stylists were working on people. The decor in this place is total garbage. It is so tacky. The sofa they had at the time was a pleather sofa with giant holes in it. And my son noticed ants crawling all over the floor and the furniture. It was disgusting and I should have walked out then. Actually, I should have turned around and walked out upon entering but I didn't. So the older black male stylist finishes the haircut he was doing and it's our turn. I tell him I want a #2 clipper around the back and sides and then hand cut the top into a standard boys cut. Really freaking simple, right? WRONG! Rather than use the clippers and go up to actually cut the hair, he went down. Using it moving downward doesn't cut hair, it just rubs against it. How does this man who has an alleged cosmetology license not know how to use a set of freaking clippers??? I realized almost immediately that he had no idea what he was doing. No idea at all. After about 10 minutes of watching this guy stumble through it, I said "you know what? That's fine.", paid and left. All I wanted to do was get out of that scummy joint and take my son to a real haircut place.  Bottom line: DO NOT GO HERE. RUN THE OTHER WAY!!!!!
2, As someone who has worked with many museums, I was eager to visit this gallery on my most recent trip to Las Vegas. When I saw they would be showing infamous eggs of the House of Faberge from the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts (VMFA), I knew I had to go!  Tucked away near the gelateria and the garden, the Gallery is pretty much hidden from view. It's what real estate agents would call "cozy" or "charming" - basically any euphemism for small.  That being said, you can still see wonderful art at a gallery of any size, so why the two *s you ask? Let me tell you:  * pricing for this, while relatively inexpensive for a Las Vegas attraction, is completely over the top. For the space and the amount of art you can fit in there, it is a bit much. * it's not kid friendly at all. Seriously, don't bring them. * the security is not trained properly for the show. When the curating and design teams collaborate for exhibitions, there is a definite flow. That means visitors should view the art in a certain sequence, whether it be by historical period or cultural significance (this is how audio guides are usually developed). When I arrived in the gallery I could not tell where to start, and security was certainly not helpful. I was told to "just look around" and "do whatever."   At such a *fine* institution, I find the lack of knowledge and respect for the art appalling.
4, A close friend was in town and so instead of taking him to a more well established joint, we decided to try the newly opened Choolah. We were not disappointed.  I am a bit of an amateur chef myself and consider my palate to be fairly sophisticated when it comes to all kinds of South Asian cuisine. This is not authentic Indian food - we don't have rice and salad bowls - but it is good, wholesome, high quality Indian food.  I ordered a bowl of rice, yellow daal and the koftas (meatballs). The daal was perfect, the way daal should be cooked. The koftas were a little bland for my taste, but otherwise not bad...soft and the right texture. Paired with the many sauces and onions and the whole dish was wholesome and rich and very filling. My friend ordered the biryani, which, while not bad, still isn't the way real biryani should be, and I come from a city known for its biryani - but then I still haven't found a single place in America that makes biryani the way they do it back home.  The ambiance is good and there's plenty of room to sit. The line moves quickly and at most you'll face a 10-15 min wait on a crowded day. The only issue I had was with the music - being a designer, it bothers me that the music selection to go with such great interiors  could have been better...I would expect Bollywood classics or Indian classical fusion instead of the usual loud pop music.  Tldr: if you're looking for authentically prepared and presented Indian food you'll be disappointed. If you're looking for high quality Indian-American food, this is a great place to get it. Will be coming back to try their tikka masala and chicken next.  Update: went there again with a bunch of friends and tried their chicken tikka masala and pav bhaji. This is hands down the best Indian place in Pittsburgh - the bhaji is to die for. Make sure you sprinkle lemon on top and have the pav with mango chutney.
4, Coconut's Fish Cafe is a fantastic, Five Stars fish cafe.  The five of us drove here on our lunch hour and lucky us, there were only a few customers in line. Nice!  A good sign, when UR working against a clock.   I ordered the Póke (Photo) for $11.99 which was outstanding.  I love fresh Tuna and Coconut's might be some of the best I've every had.  Order it and see!  My coworkers ordered, the Chicken Tacos for $11.99, Steak Tacos (Photos) for $11.49, Fish Taco for $10.99 and a cup of Chowder for $5.74. Add in a few IPAs, or soft drinks and we all averaged about $15 each.  I tried my friend Josh's Fish Tacos and his was great, too.  So why they Four Star review, Georgie? Well the non fish group thought theirs was average. Okay, so you go to a place called Coconut's Fish Cafe and you order chicken and steak?  I'm sorry, that is so LOL.   Step away from the meat taco guys and no one will get hurt!  Order the Poke, Fish or Shrimp Tacos and you'll fall in love with Coconut's Fish Cafe as I did.  Enjoy!
4, As the previous person posted, what more can really be said about this restaurant. I just came back from Vegas this morning and a truly truly horrible experience.  I only went out there for a concert and the concert and this restaurant were the best parts of my trip.  I went in here accidentally, meaning, i had no clue it was Bobby Flay's restaurant. I was hungry and Caesars Palace was a across from where I was staying and all the restaurants in my hotel were packed and had lines, I walked right in with no waiting. (I will assume now that since its Bobby's place this place can get crowded so I feel the need to note this was a Sunday about 11:45am) Once inside Caesars Palace, I went to the first restaurant I saw, which was this one.  I realized mid-meal it was his restaurant when the waiter at the table next to me was explaining to the recently seated couple that "Mr Flay likes a little spice so beware all of our dishes have a little kick" (they were an older couple). I know i'm slow after he said that, that's when i realized why they had his cookbooks in the front. :)  (but like i said had a horrible trip so i wasn't even looking for things like this) anyway onto the food.  FOOD: fantastic.  I went on sunday and i got the eggs and aged striploin tortilla (fancy name for steak and eggs) and  it was yummy.  It came with all this spices of sorts (well they werent spices). I am not really sure how to describe it, more like the consistency of salsa's but they werent salsa's, at any rate it was really good mix with the eggs.  I had a side of home fries which were a little burnt but oh well.  The steak was very good, very flavored, moist and tender. Overall very good. Had a cappuccino too, also very good. I wish i had tried the crabcake's but i knew i wasnt going to eat all that. waiters were awesome, just the right amount of attentiveness. (I personally hate when waiters/waitresses, come back every 5 minutes, is everything ok is everything ok...sheesh can i enjoy my meal?)   Anyway like i said, i had a horrible experience in vegas and this and the concert i went to see were the best parts about my trip, very glad i blessed up on this place.  P.S.  Take notice, i have never eaten in a celebrity chef's restaurant and noticed that there were no salt and pepper shakers on any table.  ha just a fun tidbit, i thought that was funny and very interesting, almost as if the chef is subtly saying "you will not mess up my dish with your spices"
4, In the heart of Chinatown, I discovered it enroute to Kensington Market one day. It's quite hard to see, if you don't know it's there. First experience was very positive - would definitely return!  ATMOSPHERE: Small space. Think Banh Mi Boys, and other trendy over-the-counter eateries. Vibe is casual. Free WiFi is nice.  SERVICE: Okay. Staff does their job, but not overly helpful upon entering the space. Maybe because it's an over-the-counter style place, but it would have been nice to be walked through their ordering process and menu.  PRICE: Average. Depends on the size of pizza you order.The small pizza ($7-9.50) is filling for one. Large size pizza ($13-18.50) is good for sharing... or one VERY hungry person.  Pasta portions are very generous for the price tag ($9-14)   FOOD: My friends and I were here for the first time, and we thought it was a pizza place so we all ordered pizza. It wasn't until we were waiting for the food to come, that we looked around and realised EVERY other table around us only had pasta on them. Guess we gotta come back to try! We did notice that the menu said their pasta is homemade. So will definitely come back.  Here's the pizza we ordered:  Peking Duck Pizza - Very tasty! Rich flavours that work well. But it's heavy, so come hungry - or order to share.  Margherita - Good, but not the best. I recommend trying the more "special" toppings instead.  Shall return, and/or try other locations.
2, This actually used to be one of my favorite hotel/casinos back in the day.  Oh, how things have changed.  There are some goods, however.  If you are a conventioneer, you have instant and direct walking access to the main convention center.  But don't think about parking here for said conventions.  $30 a day for parking, Hilton?  Seriously?  That's robbery.  And greed.  The biggest disappointment is the killing off of Star Trek: The Experience over two years ago.  Despite this place being off-Strip, I made it a point to go here because they had such a fun and unique attraction here.  It would be one thing if they had something in mind to replace it, but either poor planning or the economy.... It's dead, Jim.   The "Space Lounge" is still there.  An entire casino area with a heavy sci-fi theme to it.  Except there's no casino here.  It's a huge space themed area with a ghost town bar, no slots, a few couches, a makeshift stage, beer signs, and a few remnants of Star Trek themes.  All of this space, and nothing.  No life to it.  Couches and beer signs only make the emptiness and waste of the area seem more empty and pathetic.  With their main draw gone, what has replaced it as the headliner?  Benihana's.  Nothing wrong with the restaurant, but it's hardly unique or exclusive, even in Vegas.  The Hilton has a Pizza Hut Express here too.  Maybe they should promote that as their "big draw" on the marquee as well.  A huge Benihana sign covers up the old entrance to Star Trek.  With couches pushed in front of the entryway.  Again, just sad, and I'll be a big man in saying that they kind of broke my heart getting rid of one of my most beloved hang-outs here.  The arcade is dead as well.  Another blanketed off space that sits and collects dust.  Again, with two-plus years, no suitable replacement has been found for anything in this section.  A few shops that fluctuate, but that's it.  This is a lot of dead space to go unused.    There's also the issue of the Men's bathroom in the main casino area.  Above every urinal is a picture of a lust-crazed girl staring over your bits with a camera, magnifying glass, tape measure, etc, while you pee.  The first time I saw this, it was "ha ha" funny, then when the laughter died, it just turned creepy and weird for me.  I actually selected a urinal based off which girl creeped me out the least.  She merely looked like she was casting spells at my nethers.  I could live with that.  Ladies: I must know.  Is there something like this in the girl's restroom?  When you close the stall door to do your business, is there a picture of some crazed guy making grabbing motions where your boobs would be?  Please message me and let me know.  I'd really like to know what the Hell you get in your bathroom after my gender's discovery.  As critical as I am being, there looks to be some sort of steampunk-themed club called "Triumph" there.  I want to check this out.  Atonement for the death of my beloved Warp Core Breach booze bowl?  We'll see, but it's going to have to be pretty good to replace the hole in my heart from that much booze for so cheap a price.  The sad part is, Hilton's one of those "history rich" casinos here.  Look up the history on this place.  A lot of awesome stars and vintage Vegas stuff happened here, which makes you wonder why this isn't represented more.  This place is great for convention visitors to stay, but that's about it as far as I can see.  They need to figure themselves out for everything else.
3, Was super excited to bring my boyfriend to this Scaddabush location after going to the Richmond Hill location months back with friends and have been craving their mozzarella balls ever since!   We arrived and were seated at 8:15, and since reviewing the menu before hand, we placed out order with our waitress right away. We ordered the 'Naked' mozzarella to start and for mains the Penne Bolognese and Margherita pizza.   The waiting game was okay, we got our appetizer about 25 mins of waiting. Once arriving, the first thing I noticed was how small the mozzarella ball was compared the he Richmond Hill location. However, it was delicious ! I was reminded on why I chose this restaurant for dinner.   As for the mains, we waited and waited and waited. We had seen a male (possibly manager?) walk around with pizza slices and deliver them to some tables, however not ours. As he went to the table next to us we could overhear him apologizing for the wait time for their meals.   At around 9:05 our meals did arrive. The pizza was good,  definitely not enough cheese but will do. My boyfriend did really like his pasta.   Overall, I would say I would come back to Scaddabush. Possibly just for the mozzarella balls but as our mains were just okay and nothing special, wouldn't choose this location for a full dinner again.
1, We drive by Fruits and Roots almost daily and we finally decided to give it a try. Unfortunately the only good thing I have to say about the place is it has nice decor. We walked in and was greeted by one of the girls and as we were looking at the menu she asked if it was our first time and we told her yes. We assumed she would explain the menu but nope! My daughter's go to is a strawberry banana smoothie and the menu had a few smoothies that had strawberry and banana mixed with other stuff and I asked if they would be able to make one with just strawberry and banana and she had said they couldn't because it was already pre made. So we continued to look at the menu and a different girl came and said she would be able to make the smoothie so thank you to her. My husband and I knew we wanted to get an acai bowl so as we looked at the different options we found one we wanted to try but on the menu it had a pitaya and we asked if we could get it with acai instead but again was told that it was already pre made. So we went with one that was made with acai but it had blueberries which we don't like and we weee hesistant to ask if they would be able to leave them out since everything seemed to be pre made but my husband did ask and luckily she said they could leave it out. Whew! It wasn't a long wait to get our order. My daughter drank her smoothie saying it was okay and our acai bowl was okay as well. To me the best part was the granola and that's about it. At least we can say we finally tried this place and we definitely won't be back. We will be sticking to our usual spot Bowlology!
1, I can't tell you how angry I am right now.  I went to Huntersville Ford yesterday to get an oil change on my commuter car.  Paid my $41.00 and was given back my car just over an hour later. Today I had to go to work (40 mile round trip commute).  As I was getting off of I-85, I noticed the smell of burning oil.  I thought maybe the tech just spilled a little on the exhaust manifold since it's right there, and maybe it's burning off.  I didn't hit a stop light until I was almost at my office.  When I stopped and was waiting for the light, my cabin started to fill with smoke, and I had smoke pouring out from under the hood and the wheel wells as well. I pulled over into the parking area of a gas station (because they have accessible fire extinguishers) and parked.  I popped the hood only to find THE TECHNICIAN DID NOT PUT THE OIL FILLER CAP BACK ON!!!  Now my engine is covered in potentially flammable oil, and of course Huntersville Ford is closed today!!!! I have my car sitting outside in the parking lot with the hood open, just in case it decides to ignite, because my engine is pretty hot after a 20 mile drive. I called and left a voicemail, and now I have to find a way to degrease my engine at work, just so I can drive it home in a less-flammable state.  I WILL HOLD HUNTERSVILLE FORD RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY COMPONENTS THAT FAIL AS OF A RESULT OF THIS.  Most electronics don't like being slathered in motor oil.  In fact, I'm pretty sure they aren't designed for that.  And NO, I did not have other work done... Just the oil change.  You had 1 job.... oil change.  No transmission service, no brake service, no rotation, no cooling flush... just an oil change.  I hope he remembered to tighten the filter, but I am skeptical at this point.  I can assure you, I will NOT be taking my car back to that dealership, even though it is right around the corner from my house.  MAKE IT RIGHT, HUNTERSVILLE FORD.
1, The absolute WORST apartment complex I have ever lived in. Moved here from out of state. Hoped to find a decently priced apartment until I got myself settled in. Wow this place has been trash. Landlord is only here half the time, so those of you with a full time job, forget ever trying to communicate with her! Doesn't answer the phone or call back. Place can't even get with the 21st century and splurge on email communication. Rent past due? Noise complaint on an animal? Anything, Don't worry, you'll be singled out with a cheap ass piece of paper taped to your door for the whole complex to see. As far as CAM Properties as a whole, also trash! They also refuse to give callbacks. After hours "emergency?" ha, yeah right! Scottsdale PD had to be called when I had troubles after hours because CAM's "emergency after hours hotline" didn't answer the phone! I will never ever recommend anyone live here. The bugs invade the units like crazy - cockroaches, spiders, lizards, you name it. They say they spray before you move in, but do not perform any follow up procedures. They tell you if there's bugs in you apartment, that's all YOUR fault. Ha! I cannot get out of this place fast enough. The only upside is the utilities are included, however the price is still absurd for the less than average amenities and the horrible customer service.
4, Paid a visit here after the JT concert on Friday night - best decision all weekend. Every restaurant was packed before the show, so we set on wandering MGM afterwards for a good after show nosh and were definitely pleased at Crush. Luckily we were seated right away (not many people ordering dinner at 11pm I suppose!) and our incredibly nice server saw to our drink order ASAP.  The ambience is tres chic. Dark, romantic, and removed from casino craziness in the back where we sat cuddled up in a booth. The only negative about our seats was the pretty chilly draft, but perhaps we were just too sober ;) The Syrah was absolutely delicious, and at $11 for a glass, a Vegas bargain. We began with the Caesar salad which came out within minutes of ordering and was very tasty, though I myself found the sweetness to be a little strange. Overall it was a crunchy, refreshing delight. We then shared a margherita flatbread and the gnocchi. Whoa....both dishes definitely exceeded expectations. They were small plates, but really perfect for sharing. The speed at which the salad was delivered was slightly misleading, as the other dishes took quite a while to come out. However, they were clearly exceptionally fresh when they arrived.  Our waiter was pretty busy but as attentive as he could be, and very professional without being overbearing. The end-to-end experience was more than I expected at such a large venue, and thus deserves a high recommendation. This was a perfect way to wind down from an energizing show without losing the dazzle of a getaway weekend with your honey.
3, Furry watching 2011 concluded at Tonic....it was a fun time had by all....furries and humans alike.  I was the same as Mel U.  I had been past this place a couple times and never thought to go in.  I think it may be because it's on the "outskirts" of town and a section I really don't go to often.    First off I'll say I love the outdoor seating area!  It was a front row seat to all the furry watching action going on outside the Westin and convention center.  Plus let's face it, it's always great to have outdoor seating!    Since they're known for their martini's I had to indulge!  I ordered the Cosmo-Tonic because for some reason I've been really into Cosmo's lately.  With all tini's, you really have to have the right mixture.  I hate when there's too much Cranberry or even too much Vodka (gasp, I know!).    This was a perfect mix I'm glad to report!  Nice job shake masters!  I also tried my friends Lemon Drop Martini, holy bejebus, it was WAY too sweet for me!  I'll stick to my other options out there!  I would like to try the dinner options now and have the full experience here.  But I'd say so far so boozy good!
2, The reviews for this place on Facebook are great so despite not having a presence on Yelp, I made an appointment.  I won't deny my dog needed some serious grooming.  We'd brushed him out the night before but he could still use more combing, his hind legs/butt trimmed up and he had some matts behind his ear.  There are 4 doors at this place, I believe. If you just pull in to the drive way it's not terribly clear until you get closer to the doors and see signs directing you which to go into.  The lobby is cute. I was quickly greeted and I was given a form to complete. The woman doing the grooming introduced herself and I asked that his hind legs and butt get trimmed up and asked that she cut out any matts.  She said it would probably take about 3 hours.  I received a text about 3 1/2 hours later stating the price would be $80 and if I returned within 8 weeks it would be $65.  I went to pick him up and I was shocked that they shaved him.  His hair was NOT that bad.  Not to mention the hair that was left was not soft as it has been after visiting other groomers.  I didn't say anything because I was so shocked in the moment so I took him home.  We saw our dog paying particular attention to his private area...more so than he usually does.  My husband looked closer and found that he had been nicked a couple of times.  We found a large cut behind one of his ears.  We won't be returning.
3, Sigh. This review was tough to give, as it could've been anywhere between 2 and 4 stars.  Let's start with the positives. I came here with a friend for Summerlicious this afternoon at 12:30, and we got the last seat in the restaurant (it helped that we reserved). We were given the menu and our order was taken in about 3-4 minutes. Not bad to start.  I ordered the miso soup, green salad, ebi shiumai, sushi/sashimi/maki, and green tea ice cream. The miso soup and green salad tasted nothing special (the soup was a little salty though). The ebi shiumai tasted really good! The sushi/sashimi/maki tasted very good as well, and I especially love how there's a much higher raw fish-rice ratio compared to other restaurants I go to. Finally, the green tea ice cream was a great dessert to finish.  Everything with the food satisfied me. The service, after having the order taken, was a near disaster. I understand it was a busy day today due to the fact it was a nice Friday, but many of the servers were confused in their roles. There was a long lineup of orders by the sushi counter, and at one point I saw 15 dishes lining up ready for serving, but no servers were going to pick them up. I didn't receive my shiumai until 1:00, and my sushi/sashimi/maki until around 1:20. I finished everything by around 1:30, but the ice cream didn't come until around 1:40, and finally the bill didn't come till around 1:55. After 1 hour and 35 minutes, I finally left the restaurant at 2:05, since I had to ask for the credit card machine, in which no server was around for about 8 minutes before I finally got one's attention.  What probably saved this from a 2-star (or even a 1-star rating) was the fact the manager came out to me as I was signing my receipt saying how they were horribly understaffed and completely underestimated the demand for Summerlicious this year. They only had two sushi chefs, four servers, and two chefs serving what was a full house restaurant. In a way I felt bad, but I did give them just less than 10% tips; something I almost never do in restaurant.  Free wifi! Password is the phone number. Perhaps as a sucker for free wifi that might have contributed to the 3-star rating I gave. However, be warned.
5, I can't believe I'm saying this, but I think I just ate the highest quality burger of my life at a place where you have to order at the counter and the burger only cost $9.  I was immediately impressed upon ordering at Bang Bang Burgers. I ordered the hangover burger, and they not only asked how I wanted my burger (can choose from medium to well-done) but the worker even asked how runny I wanted the fried egg and then if I wanted it sunny side up or if they should flip it over easy. My buddy asked for mustard, and they even asked whether he wanted regular yellow, dijon, whole grain, or honey mustard. I added sweet potato fries for the $1 upcharge because I love sweet potato fries, paid my $10 and waited. I must say I was a little disappointed that I had to wait 15 minutes for the burger, but after first bite I had no more complaints! I don't know what's in Pat LaFreida's beef mixture, but it was the highest quality beef in a burger I've ever ordered. The bun was ridiculously soft as well. The egg was cooked perfectly, but the burger lacked any flavor from the small slice of cheese or the bacon hash unfortunately. Despite that, the amazing quality still made this burger awesome.  The sweet potato fries were by far the best sweet potato fries I've ever eaten, and I love sweet potato fries so that says a lot. They were crispy which so many places cannot accomplish and had a balance of sweetness from the fries and salt that was perfect. They came with a decent maple sauce, but I didn't dip very many because they were honestly better on their own. I must say, the bang bang sauce that comes on the side of the burgers is incredible though. It's similar to a Thousand Island dressing without the pickle relish, but something about it just makes it so much better and slightly sweeter.  Overall, I probably wouldn't order the hangover again and would choose a more flavorful/interesting option. I would also recommend going with a double if you're hungry because each patty is only around 4 ounces. Despite these slight "drawbacks", the quality of the meat and bun stood out so much that I think any burger here would be amazing and for a pretty solid price as well.
1, I went to a Spring Training game here on Monday 3/17/14.  The stadium is just off the freeway so I arrived in the area about 75 minutes before the game.  The traffic was backed up on the freeway and the main street was a mess.  I waited almost an hour to get to what I thought was the parking lot only to find out it was the parking for the local Marriott.  People were very frustrated cutting others off in traffic, being aggressive and I witnessed a road rage incident while sitting in the line.  By the time I made it to the Marriott lot, they had been out of spaces for 15 minutes but they did not have a method to notify people.  I blame the Marriot for most of the mess but the City of Tempe need to plan better for events. Inside the stadium I found the place to be less than average for Spring Training games.  The food was not good, the customer service was average and we could not hear the speakers very well.  I will stick to other Spring Training facilities to see some games in the future.
5, Hands down, the BEST kabobs in Vegas.   I stopped here late after work one night on the way home after having passed it at least a thousand times, and decided to give it a try. I went in, placed my order, and after about 15 minutes, was on my way home.   The inside is cozy, there is a new hookah lounge upstairs (not technically the same business), for those who might be interested in that. The tables inside were pretty low key, but the kitchen area is open except for some glass, so you get to watch your food prepared while you wait which is always a nice touch. Some people don't like that, but I do, it forces restaurants to practice more hygienic practices because customers can see more.   The young lady who rang me up was helpful and friendly. The gentleman who gave me my food, apologized for the wait (15 minutes is not long in my book, but maybe for some it is), and said that calling ahead is a great option if you're ever in a hurry in the future.   I ordered a lamb and chicken shish kabob. They were both DELICIOUS. Many kabobs in this city are incredibly bland and under seasoned, definitely not the case here. The rice was also well flavored. The green sauce that was at the counter where you pick up your food was perfectly spiced and I put it on EVERYTHING! I appreciate the fresh lemon wedge that was included in my to-go container.   My only real complaint was the price. It was more than $17 for two kabobs, which I thought was on the expensive side. If they took their prices down around $2, I'd be here way more often that is good for my wallet...
5, Lawry's is everything a good restaurant should be. We came here to celebrate our anniversary and Lawry's made our night unforgettable.  Their service was impeccable- from the sweet hostess who was unfazed when we arrived 30 minutes late to our reservation, to the warm friendly bartender who chatted us up like we were old friends, to the waiter who was not condescending in the least bit, to the busboys who guided me back to my table when I drunkenly stumbled into the kitchen.  The food was solid. The prime rib was balanced with just the perfect amount of richness and seasoning. I ordered a medium and it was a true medium- the edges were seasoned and done well while the interior was still a soft pink and juicy. My date loved the Yorkshire pudding, I wasn't really a fan, but it was airy and puffed up to perfection. The mushrooms were rich and earthy, the perfect accompaniment. The mashed potatoes were smooth, creamy, and deliciously well seasoned. No bland taters here.  All in all, we had a truly wonderful evening at Lawry's LV. We decided to skip dessert because we were stuffed and totally satisfied, so our waiter went the extra mile and boxed up a mini cake for us saying that we couldn't leave without something sweet on our anniversary (!!) Major points up for this, we were an intoxicated mess that night and he should've just shooed us out the door. I left with a huge smile on my face and a slightly renewed faith that there are still nice people in the world.
4, 2015 St. Patrick's Day Festival highlights: Saturday morning parking was available for free at 1) Parking Garage near City Hall, located at Basic Road and Lead Street. Accessed from Basic Road and 2) Parking Garage near Justice Facility, located at Water Street, near Basic Road. Accessed from either Water Street or Texas Avenue.  A must see is the  Carrolier Academy of Irish Dance! The children participated in the parade and scheduled events throughout the weekend. Led by Debbie Carroll and Shelley Locklier, the two dancers have Irish dance teaching credentials; both teachers travelled the world with Michael Flatley's Lord of the Dance.  Fun for the children included the ferris wheel and carousel.  Since the Las Vegas Valley does not have a permanent ferris wheel and carousel to ride, we enjoyed taking a twirl on both.  Ferris wheel tickets were 4 tickets per person. Carousel tickets were 3 per person, but an adult is free if standing next to small children who are on the ride.  Each ticket = $1.25.  I would like to see a greater use of food trucks.  We saw pizza, Mexican, Filipino, hot dogs, cupcakes, and snowcones. Come on Las Vegas Valley food culture, come out and show us what you offer.
1, I used to go this office, but as other reviewers have noted, they made a pair of glasses wrong (one lens blurred, could not read with that eye), and then told me, well, your other eye will compensate so you can still read. Really???? What a great way to handle an error in the production of the glasses.  When I objected to being relegated to reading with one eye with my new glasses, the reply was..."Well, then you'll have to see the Dr. again, and no, he is not available now."  No offer to look up his schedule and see when I could see him again, or see if another Dr. could see me then to resolve it.  After the poor response to the problem (you would think they would have some professional way to deal with when glasses come back from the mfr/lens maker and there is an unexpected issue).  I told them I'm not a patient here any longer and took my useless glasses home and resolved to find a quality optometry office and start over.  I did call back and spoke with an Office Mgr, who stated she would look into the matter and get back to me, but never did.  So I called again and toild them to toss my file out and not contact me again for any future appts.   Another thing about their exams.....as part of your exam, they offer to take optional (extra cost) retina photos so you can also have a look at your retinas on a computer screen with the Dr., using a clumsy cube-shaped camera. You sit there and they have you smush your face up against a flat glass panel on the front while they take repeated attempts to get a good photo of your retina. They charge extra if you want this option. Then they raised the price, and I declined due to raising the price. They were charging plenty for that option already.  I moved to a different office that does not charge anything extra at all for the retina photos, and uses a better camera than the camera cube, so no more smushing my face against a flat glass window. (Note: using fake name here for privacy protection from internet identity thieves.)
5, Five stars all the way for this property!   I stay here at least a couple of times a year, and for one of Marriott's limited service brands, the staff here really go out of their way. For example, when I changed reservations in the middle of our stay, they got me a better room and actually moved our luggage to the new room while we were out for the day. They also address me by name when I come and go. In particular, the woman at the front desk on weekday mornings is delightful, as are the two guys who work overnight.  I had even provided some constructive feedback the last time I stayed, and one of them remembered me and still treated me very kindly.  Even at the breakfast, the woman comes over, clears my plate, and asks if she can get me anything else. I have never had anybody speak to me at a limited service hotel morning breakfast buffet before!  I also observe whenever I am in the lobby. This level of service is not just provided to me because I am gold elite.  Everyone is greeted with a smile, a kind word and a willingness to help.
2, Some really great produce prices, which are what pulled us in.  We got a newspaper flyer from them last week and decided to check it out, based on that.  Still, I kept thinking, isn't this the place [friends of ours] went to and said wasn't that great??  The produce is priced well but it seems like everything else is on the high side.  Bulk food section was small-ish, I though.  I meant to bring a pen and paper to write down prices of items I usually buy, to compare RBN, WF, TJ's, and EEFCO - but forgot.  But long grain brown rice was $1.99 here, which is same as EEFCO.  I think walnuts are more at RBN, though.  Basically - don't believe the low price claims!  I think we may go back for produce and that may be it.  Free parking is nice, though - they cover 2 hours, which would give you a little time to wander, too.  Parking is covered which is oh so nice.  One negative for families is no changing table in the bathrooms.   I had to change a diaper  on the floor of the bathroom on my husband's coat.  Yeah, the floor was pretty clean, but still.  Ugh.  Not a good thing for families!  update - they did eventually add a changing table, but I guess their low priced produce and high priced everything else model didn't make many people happy.  Defunct!
4, Well, it's doubtful that I'll ever get to eat at the French Laundry so was happy that we got to try out his more casual, Vegas restaurant, Bouchon.  We ate here on the day before New Year's Eve so that may have been why we easily got a reservation at prime dinner time.  Everything from start to finish was pretty much impeccable.   Sourdough bread in the shape of leaves were brought out immediately with softened butter in a small ramekin.  One thing I hate is when warm bread is brought out with butter that is ice cold and hard to spread on the bread, so I really appreciated that the butter was the right temperature to easily spread.  For a starter, we split the Terrine of foie gras which was delicious.  It has a thin layer of braised beef ground down to a coarse pate texture, then a thin layer of foie gras, then a layer of prune gelee.  Served with crostini and a small frisee salad.  The slightly slightly saltier beef and the creamy foie went so well together. The prune gelee added that touch of cool sweetness that made it all work together.  A dish I would definitely recommend.  For our entrees, I got the Steak frites, and Mark H had the Leg of lamb (Gigot d'Agneau.)  Mine was hangar steak topped with caramelized onions served with a compound butter and a healthy portion of nicely crispy, thinly cut fries.  The steak was cooked to a perfect mid rare and was tender.  The onions and the compound butter did overpower the steak a bit, though.  Mark H's dish on the other hand, was the better of the two.  The roasted leg of lamb was just so tender and flavorful,  the knife cut through the meat like butter.  The lamb was served with flageolet beans and braised escarole.  Our server asked him when he was ordering if he wanted any sides to go with it since it didn't come with a starch but the beans and escarole was enough for an entree portion.  Besides, I know he wanted to save room for dessert.  For dessert, we split the Banana crepe gateau.  Layers of crepes with banana pastry cream between them, served with salted caramel and french vanilla gelato.   This was pretty amazing as well.  I've had some fantasic gateau de crepes in france and this one really reminded me of being there.  The banana flavor was a bit too subtle for me but that salted caramel was like heaven.  Such an incredible texture to it with that bright kick of salt, damn.  The french vanilla gelato was memorable as well.  Nice silky texture and oh so creamy.  The next time I'm there,  we really have to try their breakfast.
4, First of all: the pictures on the website are incredibly outdated. My boyfriend suggested we go here at first, but when I googled it, I exclaimed that I didn't feel like watching the Jays' home opener in a "dumpy ass place".   Imagine my surprise at the nice newly-renovated pics on Yelp! It's a gorgeous space now. We live in the area, and I think this is our new go-to bar. We got a comfy spot in front of a giant TV to watch the Jays game, and our food/drinks were great. The salmon salad came with a huge piece of fresh, healthy tasting salmon filet. It was just what I wanted.   The one wrinkle was that I wanted to swap something out of my salad for avocado instead (which came with the grilled shrimp salad but I wanted salmon, and not shrimp). The server told me they didn't do "those kinds of substitutions" but would check anyway. He came back, and affirmed that they couldn't put avocado on my salad unless they charged an extra $2.00. Kind of annoying. I get that if you're Terroni you can have a "no substitutions" policy but in this case, how about changing that policy?   The server really made an effort though, and said he'd bring over some guacamole instead. That was much appreciated :)   The hourly rentals to use the pool and ping pong tables are pretty pricey ($25/hour) but it is a really nice space now, with nice, clean washrooms (important!), comfy seats, and lots of TVs. Will be back to watch more sports!
5, Love the menu, love the service. I had lunch here on Friday for my first time here. There was a line of course when I walked in at 12:15 and the place is definitely a little noisy. Right away someone greeted me and asked if I'd be eating here or taking it to go. She reserved a table for me and my friend so we didn't have to wander around trying to find a place to sit after ordering (always the worst part of restaurants like wildflower, paradise, etc). We ended up spending $35 for two people for lunch, but I'm ok with that since we got two salads (both with protein added), iced tea, and fresh juice. My husband even commented that the food was much better quality that what we'd get at another fast-casual type restaurant.   I ate here again a few weeks later - called my order in and it was ready to go when I arrived. They even have a separate door and counter for take out. Not cheap - $22 for lunch, but that's on me for getting salad with chicken, juice, and a brown rice krispy treat. I was still hungry later that afternoon - portions aren't huge, but quality is top notch.
2, Hey, I love the Vig Arcadia. I would go there all the time if it was closer. Great food, cool place, good atmosphere, and the best band on Sunday. I even had my birthday party there, with people driving all the way from Gilbert and Queen Creek.  I like the Vig McCormick ranch, same great food and cool atmosphere but still a bit of a drive.  I was so excited there was a Vig being built right in my neighborhood. I watched the construction progress on my way to and fro work. I told my friends who didn't know about the Vig how awesome it was and how excited I was to have one close. It was going to be my number one go to place.  I have been going to Local Bistro, Modern Sports Grill in DC ranch and Isabell's. Now there would e a Vig which is closer and better.  I went to the Vig and it was ok, I figured they had just opened and they were still hiring and getting organized.  I went  again. Food was great, bummer no band due to Scottsdale rules but DJ is nice. Service ok but its busy on a Friday. I went again, food great as always but service still lacking. I figured its just busy. At this point I had gone 4 Friday nights in a row. Its close great food and I have always loved the Vig.   I don't get why I have to wait so long to get a drink at the bar. I don't understand why once I get a drink, I'm not offered a refill or second round. I'm trying to unwind on a Friday night, I don't want to have to work to get the bartenders attention to get a drink.   Ok had my cocktails, now time for dinner. The food has always been great. Good taste, good variety on the menu, priced fair. Why does it take so long to put in my dinner order? If I have been there 5-7 times, I have had to wait to order too long maybe 5 times. The food comes out quickly enough and luckily its good since the wait staff doesn't check back.   My friends and coworkers know I go out to eat quite a bit. I am often asked for recommendations, I had said to go to the Vig but I feel I can't recommend it anymore. If anything I would say to go somewhere else. I fell like the McDowell Mountain Ranch location has been open long enough to be running smoothly but its not apparent in the bartenders and wait staff.    Please get better with your service. I want to love this Vig as much as the others but its getting hard.  I work hard for the money I spend at the Vig and don't like feeling unappreciated as a customer.
4, I've driven by this place countless times on my way to work but finally got the chance to stop by early this afternoon. There was another couple sitting outside (they only had 2 tables with 2 little chairs outside, so not much of a patio incase anyone was curious).   Anywho, me and my boyfriend took a couple of minutes to decide what to try because there were at least 30 flavors to choose from. The small and medium give you 2 flavors to try from, the large gives you 3. He chose the small with coconut and mango gelato and I had the small Oreo and dolce de leche.   The coconut tasted AMAZING. But the mango was the show stopper, it was amazing. To anyone who loves the fruit, this is just as good if not better (yes, I went there!)  The Oreo tasted like plain vanilla. I barely tasted any cookie pieces. So avoid it unless you want a plain vanilla taste. The dolce de leche was really good, a little on the sweet side but still enjoyable.   All in all, we paid about $11 for both small gelatos. It was worth the price and if ever I'm on the danforth and craving something cold & sweet, this is where I'll go!
2, I would have given this place 1 star if not for the service from the front desk.  I checked in on Saturday during memorial day weekend, waited 30 minutes to try to valet park my car and failed to get on the porte cochere due to mismanagement and understaffed valet crew.  There is no excuse for that kind of thing at a hotel especially where there is no self park option.  Ended up parking across the street at the mall to check in, ridonkulous.  The service at the front desk was good to great, they were apologetic about the valet and whenever I called down for my car (once I was able to valet my car), they fought to have my car ready by the time I got down.  Accommodations are decent, nice big jet tubs, good sized rooms and a mini kitchenette in the studios to boot because these are condotel units.  The location, despite being off strip, is workable because you're walking distance to the Wynn and directly across the street from Fashion Show.  If you're staying here, you probably don't want a casino and so being next to fashion show is a plus.    I can't stress how understaffed this hotel seemed to be and so I probably won't stay here again if I'm paying the same price as a on-strip 4star hotel.  I was able to book at a $100 discount to other comparable hotels with a casino though so something to keep in mind.
2, This is not the place for Italian food.  It is a pretty generic Americanized Italian food chain joint but if you ever want Beignets, come here and order the zappolis... They call them Italian doughnuts but they are basically just beignets with chocolate dipping sauce and are great!  Other than that... I sat at the bar and the bartender was super sweet and nice, his name?? but the check said "khutso C."  Sooo, I think his name may have been Chris?? He was great, the staff at the bar were very friendly and cool but there were two guys at the door when I came in that had an attitude problem... I walked in and said I was going to the bar and they stood there looking at me like "whatever!"?? I mean... Come on, they didn't even have to seat me, thus do their job, so what was up with the shitty looks?  While I was waiting I tried the crispy asparagus app and it was good except it came with this heavy sauce.. I asked for balsamic instead and it was much better!! Also I have to say they had no problem with me using my small vaporizer at the bar and Chris and the other bartender even complimented me on it;) love a vape friendly bar!! All in all, for a chain the bar is great but if you want Italian food this isn't the place... It's like any other national chain, pretty Americanized!  Chris and the other cool bartender should be working somewhere high-end, they were the best part of the visit!;)
2, Parking is tough to get here so I don't get to go much. I also get a little cautious sometimes as they frequently have multiple questionable looking characters.  Pro's: - Legendary fries that used to be super huge and gave you great value for your buck - Good burgers - If you drink, it looks like they have a lot of different kinds of alcohol  Con's: - Customer Service? Hahaha. Not here. If you can get more than a fart out of one of the twin's working there, you are ahead of the pack. - Dirty, messy tables, crap everywhere. - Many questionable characters here. Someone once asked me if I wanted to buy stolen jewelry off them while I was eating. I'm being totally honest too. - Their french fry portions have gotten smaller. They used to need two baskets for a large fry and now only need one. - Really expensive hot dogs.  - They have strict limits on ketchup. No I'm not joking. 2 for large fries, 1 for anything less.  I do recommend getting their legendary fries at least once and I do recommend the egg burger, but get it to go and go when it is light out.
1, I called Garcia Bail Bonds and when the call was answered I was greeted "Speak"... I proceeded to ask a question about the type of bond I was looking for. The reply was an angry "what the hell are you talking about?" I let the person answering know they must not want to make any money talking to customers like that and hung up.  I may not have known what I was talking about since I have never had to bail anyone out before, however the three other bail bonds companies I called prior with the same question were able to provide me an answer minus the horrible attitude.  Why would I ever set foot in a business who can't even handle the simple task of answering a phone call.   Update* In response to the reply.  A. Of course you are " lost why I feel that way." You think its normal to answer a phone call  at a place of business with the greeting "Speak" and reply to questions with "what the hell are you talking about"'  B. You do not remember anything. I never said anything about 3% or California. I ONLY asked for a specific type of bond, (because not all bond companies are able to provide this specific type of bond) and your reply was "what the hell are you talking about". After that short conversation I terminated our conversation as stated in my review, so there was NO talk of California or 3%. I only included my experience with other bail bonds companies in my REVIEW to highlight how easy it was for me to call another business and not be treated so rudely.   C. Thank you for letting me know how poor your customer service is so quickly. Made the decision to go else where easy. I write this in hopes that someone else will not get stuck with your company before they get a taste of your horrible customer service.
5, I've been going to Bihlu and Kusums restaurant for over 25 years. The original location was at about 52nd McDowell(it was a treat after squaw peak hike with da)( but they have been at the current location for probably the last 20 years. They have a good mix of North Indian and South Indian food. Masala dosas have always been one of my favorites things to get. The vegies and sambar are always fresh as well. The title may not say it here but they are just as famous for all the amazing sweets they make as well. Indians from all over town order it by the tray but if you arent sure what you want to order ask them to sample it. Jalebi barfi and laddu are some of my go to's. I'm an american born and raised indian so I'm suggesting some of the more tame whitewashed options. The service is quick and the staff is always attentive. You'll see an crowd of ASU kids definitely during cricket matches but they also have indian music videos playing throughout the day. Before I forget my favorite thing to get from there to go is pani puri!. Picture a cracker like hollow bubble with potatoes chickpeas and a spicy sauce. yes my mouth is watering just describing it. I put in mint chutney and tamardind chutney. Im confident you have will a few items that you love and will have again and again.
2, A disappointing cacophony of in-your-face flavors.  Having tried two of the pastas and the gnocchi, my impression is that these dishes are the food version of jazz improv - discordant and overwhelming.  Like the music, I can see how the Pasta Bar dishes may appeal to many, particularly those who favor flavor intensity and/or creativity over all else.  For my taste buds, this was overload.  Interesting yes, but I can't say I found it good. Here are some details:   Pasta and gnocchi - both are quite heavy and substantial.  I prefer a more tender pasta and pillow-light gnocchi.  Maybe after running a marathon the high-density pasta would hold more appeal. Sauces - Here is the in-your-face part.  The gnocchi sauce is spicy, overwhelmingly so for me (although I do freely admit to being a hot chili wimp).  Despite my personal intolerance to hot food, a more delicate approach would have been better. The le Sarde sauce sounded interesting, mainly because I love sardines, but my taste buds could not get over the bizarre combination of strong flavors vying for attention. I could not even pick out the taste of the sardines amongst the culinary noise.  And what is with the dried hunks of bread?  I could not get beyond the oddness of this one.   The carbonara was an intense combination of garlic and black pepper flavors, and probably the dish I enjoyed most of the three.  Even on this one, the garlic was out of this world in intensity. On the good side, the staff was genuinely pleasant and enthusiastic - a real treat.  The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.  The ingredients all appeared fresh and high quality.  And the food is indeed interesting - this is no boring spaghetti/lasagna place. As a matter of taste, I'm going to have to pass on Pasta Bar.  For the price, I'll be looking for more of a flavor symphony.  If culinary improv and high-density pasta is your thing, check it out.
5, Recently had my sons birthday here.  I like this place much better than Sky Zone!  It's much more open and not crowded, even with open jump and other birthday parties.  Our hostess was awesome. They customize shirts for the birthday boy. Our hostess drew an awesome Super Mario shirt. The birthday party included a private dodge ball game which was so much fun. We played a few rounds and then she let us jump privately because there was no party after us. The place feels so clean. They have a free place for your shoes and belongings and seats all around so you can watch your kids jump if you aren't jumping too, where at Sky Zone you see parents standing at the entrance or sitting on the ground in those narrow walkways. The regular jump area is nice and open and they have a separate netted off area for younger kids that the parents can also jump in. Unlike Sky Zone that have small kids to one side, 8-10 yr olds in the middle and adults to the other side.  It's very sensory friendly also. I wish FEAT would consider hosting family nights there. I only wish they would open a location closer to my side of town.
5, When I walked into Epicure Cafe today it was like bizarroland - like when you come home from vacation and sense that everything isn't in its right place. You know you're at home, but someone's moved something, rearranged the furniture, or otherwise changed things ever so slightly but just enough to make you suspicious. This wasn't the Epicure Cafe that I remember from three or four years ago.  I learned from Jackie, our cutesy server who was a total dupe for actress Clea DuVall, that a few years ago Epicure changed locations. To a few doors down farther east on Queen, on the same side of the street. Which explains the slightly-different-but-not-quite layout, decor and seating. It was a pleasant surprise. I didn't venture upstairs but I was told there's an outdoor eating area that will have to be explored on my next visit.  The menu options are, like others have said, a bit overwhelming. But for the fussy eater (I was with one of them) there was no lack of choice - Epicure has everything from pasta (17 choices, including different sauces and shapes), burgers, pizza, wraps and another full page of duck/veal/lamb/chicken options. I appreciate the selection but it could stand to be honed a little! Luckily Jackie was able to recommend favourites when we showed indecision.   My eyes went straight for the Pumpkin Ravioi ($14), which I was assured was "not a mistake". And it wasn't. I barely looked up my from my plate as I feasted my eyes on the glorious, pillowy ravioli on my plate. They were seasoned with ginger and nutmeg, tossed in parmesan cream sauce with grilled corn, wilted spinach and mushrooms. The mushrooms were perfectly sauteed, the spinach was wilted just right and the corn was fresh and added the exact amount of crunch that the dish needed. The portion wasn't skimpy either - at some restaurants when you order jumbo ravioli you get 3-4 pieces, but this was more than double the size. Good value for the money.  I was more than tempted by the dessert board (tartufo, ice cream, tiramisu, Grand Marnier cheesecake or crème caramel, Belgian chocolate mousse, apple crumble) but unfortunately dinner left me positively STUFFED. After seeing that Epicure is now open until 1 or 2am every night I know where I'll be heading for late night dessert!
5, "River, we see that you haven't Yelped in a while, what the one place that you want everyone to know about?" This. Is. It.   Everyone has that one vegetarian friend, right? They're always there on your tail making it so you and your friends can't get your McRib on at the local McD's and you have to make sure to reiterate her order with "NO BEEEEEF, SUB BEANNNNNS" at TB. Geez.. But there's no need to fear, Veggie House is here!   I've tried a variety of dishes here and I've yet to be disappointed; Pan-Fried Noodles, Mongolian Beef, Wonton Soup, Beef Ramen, Sweet and Soup Chicken, Jasmine tea, BUN ROLL!! You need to order a fried bun roll.. Thank me later.  This place is vegan/vegetarian and they serve no meat.. What? Yes. I tell my bestie every single time that they should put quotes around all their meat products so people don't get so darn confused. Their meat, it's not real- but trust me, it's a good thing. Especially when it just hits the table, it'll have you scratching your head. Once it cools, the "meat" starts to get a bit of texture, but it still pretty great. If you have the thing and you can't do textures, you're probably safer sticking to something with veggies instead.  All the food I've had here has been really great, even if the service is a little shoddy. Don't let that deter you.   Get the bun roll.  I'm serious.
2, The photos posted of the rooms are definitely NOT indicative of the room I stayed in except for the one of the broken electrical socket.  The plug for the tub didn't fit properly hence I couldn't take a bath, the electrical socket was broken and didn't seem to even work enough to charge my cell phone or the portable charger, there was bird poop all over the window of my room, there was food sitting outside the rooms next to mine from room service for the ENTIRE time I was there, and the breakfast buffet was bad.  The lettuce in the salad bar was wilted, the scrambled eggs were runny, the "soup of the day" wasn't labeled. It may have well been mystery soup as it had a creamy base but with random spinach like veggies and tasted a bit over salted. For the over all price I payed for both the room(almost $200 for a MONDAY til TUESDAY, 1 day stay), I could have stayed at a better kept or newer casino.  The last time I stayed at the Flamingo was probably about 15yrs ago and it was better kept back then than it was now...Maybe they spent all the gambling revenues towards the birds and fishes in the courtyard as there were only flamingos there the last time I stayed there.
5, My wife and I went there last night to celebrate my birthday. It was our first time there so we were very excited to try another dining spot at the M resort. We arrived at our reservation time and the hostess was very nice and polite and showed us to our table which was in the back of the main dining room, which was perfect because it was away from all of the action and private.  Our server Dave and his team were on point from the start. They got us everything that we ever could want and or needed. They were very friendly and amazing and made us feel like we were their only guests of the evening.  The food was amazing and the portion sizes were impressive. When Dave said that most people order one vegetable and one starch for the table he didn't lie. The side dishes were impressive.  Starters  Beef Carpaccio - 4.5 Stars - Only complaint was too much Mache Salad Lobster Bisque - 5 Stars - Nice Lobster Flavor - Not Fishy at all Seafood Louie Salad - 5 Stars - Seafood Cooked Perfectly, Perfectly Seasoned  Entrees & Sides  Bone In Filet - 4.5 Stars - Needed more seasoning before hitting the grill Australian Lobster Tail - 5 Stars - Cooked and Seasoned Perfectly Mac N Cheese - 4 Stars - Just Needed a Little more Seasoning Creamed Corn - 5 Stars - Best Creamed Corn Ever Tater Tots - 5 Stars - Crispy & Full of Flavor  Desserts  Peanut Butter Pie - 5 Stars - Perfect Way to End Dinner Chocolate Souffle - 5 Stars - Light, Airy and Full of Flavor  At the end of the day  we had an amazing time and the restaurant exceeded all of our expectations. We will be back again soon.
3, The place is overcrowded with kitschy things on the walls and in every corner. We also noticed all the flowers outside were fake and pretty worn out, which made the place look ridiculous, cheap, and unkempt. So for environment, we would rate it a 2 star.We placed our order online, which was convenient, but when we showed up to pick up our food the place was dead and we couldn't find anyone to help us. Two employees actually made eye contact with us and then went right back to talking and slacking off. After about 10 minutes, someone did finally wander up front to get us our order.   We ordered the stuffed mushrooms, Penne San Remo, stuffed shells, and chocolate chip cannolis. The meal came with french bread but the bread was stale and cold. The mushrooms weren't too bad. The sauce was tasty but the stuffing overpowered the mushrooms so it ended up tasting like sharp cheese and sauce. The penne san remo is supposed to contain artichoke but we only found two chunks of artichoke out of a container with enough food to feed 3 people. So that was disappointing. The sauce was also really bland and the chicken was overcooked/rubbery. The stuffed shells were ok, no major issues, they just weren't worth the price. Actually, none of the food we got was worth the price. We paid over 60 dollars for a dinner that was maybe worth 30. All in all we weren't impressed and won't be returning.
5, On March 15th my husband & I decided to celebrate his retirement at Lawry's Prime Rib. We had made reservations for a busy Friday night but due to circumstances out of our control - we called & let them know that we were running a half an hour late! Well Ms. Carolynn Stevenson greeted us as we again apologized for our tardiness. She immediately put us at ease, told us she would get us seated as soon as possible, and show us to the bar. We waited maybe ten minutes when we were called and seated! Our server turned out to be - in our opinion - the BEST - Mun Froilan!!!!!! If you want the most awesome dining experience then ask for him when you make your reservation!!! It is a must! He makes you feel as if you are the one and only guests he has to please and take care of and everything he did he seemed to truly enjoy! The restaurant's décor is a 1930's-40's era which I love since the staff's attire also reflects that time period. You start off with the artisan bread (OMG - SO SO DELISH) and their famous spinning salad. The prime rib just melts in your mouth! The cuts we had were good size - Mun made sure of that! - and I had the mashed potatoes and creamed spinach which was so fabulous. The dessert cart that he wheeled out looked amazing but we couldn't fit another morsel of food in our mouths! Highly recommend this GREAT restaurant!
4, After making idiot faces through the window at the employees of Spicy Pickle, employees who were most likely tired after a long day of training, my husband and I were invited to lunch the next day- a training activity for the staff. Only friends and family were invited. We felt very special- either to be considered part of the Spicy Pickle family, or maybe because we made such ridiculous fools of ourselves at the window that they thought we might be "special" in the other meaning. Perhaps. Either way, free lunch.  It's not as though I could give a stinky review to anything given to me for free- I might feel bad- but this was just what the doctor ordered.   Not for the weak at heart.  It's not just a clever name. Their pickles are actually spicy. They seems to be lightly dusted with some kind of chile powder. A nice kick follows a good bite.  I ordered the Dilly something or other. It was half a sandwich (sub or panini) with a bowl of soup. I chose the Corn and Green Chile Bisque with the Sausalito Bandito panini. Delish! It also passed my spicy- enough- for- me- test. Yes, I needed multiple napkins for my nose. I could have taken a little more spice, so next time I might ask them to kick it up a notch, but it was a refreshing foray back to my traveling days when I tried to convince a chef in India that, no, I am actually not white. I just have REALLY light skin. Never worked.  Al had the Aztec pizzeti. Coming from NY, I am particular about pizza. This looked like it fit the bill. Very think and crispy crust. A little too much cheese for my taste, but most people out here like it like that. She loved it, along with her bowl of loaded potato soup.  Mickey had the Gobbler with a side salad. When she bit into the panini she made a face that I think should remain in the bedroom. Enough said.  Bryan had the salad and enjoyed it immensely. It didn't look like much, but I might have to return when they open tomorrow and try it out for myself. The croutons did look very appetizing.  One of the attentive staff members made the rounds with a tray of mini chocolate chip cookies. Fantastic. Crispy on the outside and soft and gooey on the inside. Mama like.  All in all, I'll be back. Probably tomorrow. And maybe the day after...  AMENDMENT: OK, so I did go back the next day... and today (which is the following day). Yesterday I had the tuna salad, which was delish. Theur tuna is a little kicked up, as it's made with chipotle mayo (but really not too much) and spoicy pickle relish. Tasty. It was served over a bed of greens with a lemon olive oil dressing. Today I had the med sub. It was ok- nothing out of the ballpark. I got it with the spoinach salad, which was also delish.   Down to 4.5, but alas no halfs...  Stick with the paninis and the salads. Maybe the soups too. I have yet to try the pizzetti... stay tuned.
1, With many eateries to chose from on queen street we decided to give this place a try seeing how there is usually a line up outside....after waiting 20 minutes outside we were seated at an extremely small stool table.. our waitress took our drink order and it took about 10 minutes to get our drinks. We ordered 3 dishes and an appetizer. An hour later our food still had not come. We flagged our server down and she said it would be 2 more minutes. 10 minutes after that our food arrived all at the same time...including the appetizer and there was barely any room on the table... I was starving by this point and I decided not to make an issue of the extra long wait time and dig right in. Now I never leave any food on my plate...ever! but in this case I could barely get through a few bites of each plate. The hot dishes were lukewarm and tasted like a 12 year old skater boy carelessly threw some canned ingredients together mixed in with cigarette butts. It was quite literally the WORST food I have ever eaten in my life. My husband just ate a few nachos. I mean imagine me, a pregnant, starving  food loving, happy go lucky person who never leaves food on my plate and I just coudnt eat this stuff. I chose hunger over this food...and im PreGnant! When we were done fidling with the food we had to wait another 20 minutes to get someone to flag down our server....finally when she came we had to lie that we are catching a flight just to get the bill at a normal speed. By this point the whole thing was comical....felt like a joint run by teenagers...absolute joke of a place. A lesson well learned...just bc there's a lineup...it doesnt make it good. I actually just got a yelp account to specifically write this review...thats how bad it was. And I eat out several times a week so thats saying something people.
4, I'm so sorry to do this to you Capitano and while I love your food most of the time, there are some inconsistencies.  I still want to go here and will come back again soon, but I've probably been here close to 10 minutes and 7 times were phenomenal, 1 time was average, another was slightly below average and 1 was quite dismal.  The last time I came here, while they tried to accommodate me and fix the issue, the fries were hard and not salted enough and the burger tasted very bad.  This is rare and that's why I'm only docking one star, but for some reason, one of the fry cooks didn't add salt to the fries and they always have before.  The cashier said you could ask for salt, but what frustrated me is that they were always perfectly salted before and while I understand some people will say it's too salty, you can't go from quite salty to no salt at all. That's quite the change.  I have to say, all the bad times I was there, there was one consistency on who was making the food, but I don't want to say who, as they are making a living.    While I love you Capitano, I really hope you can be more consistent.  However, gelato is still da bomb.  Love the mojito.
1, Came here for happy hour since it indicated the times and stated it was everyday so I decided to spend my lunch here. I got here at 3:12, sat at the bar by the tv's and then proceeded to wait for a hello or a welcome that didn't happen until finally about two minutes later. I ask about the happy hour to which the woman working responded they don't have a happy hour since they are running specials. I'm a little sad about the happy hour thing being scratched off but I have had The Otheroom to go before and was pleased with the food so I decided to look at the menu and order something good. I then wait about ten minutes before being approached and the whole time I was sitting there was a guy making drinks and nothing else. How can they have only one bartender? It's slow but it's also Memorial Day weekend and you should have enough people working. I understand people want to split your tab and whatever else but there was a third guy who could have handled whatever problem they had at the register. Anyways back to when the woman came to me she apologized for the wait which I didn't care for at that point and proceeded to order my food. Overall the experience I was expecting wasn't a good one. The food was great and a bar with great food but when the service isn't up to par it deserves a low rating. I work in high end retail and know me and many of my co workers and friends around the mall would like to be treated just like any other customer and be given a great service when we go to eat for our lunches. We work in the service industry and will treat our local clients with the same service we do our tourists. Since this wasn't the case I'll be sharing my experience with the rest of my co workers and friends who work around the mall.
5, Amazing place! My co-workers and I went here on. Saturday to celebrate a postpartum baby shower. I showed up late so didn't end up ordering food but i tried my friend's food.  The Nachos were delicious! Served in a baking pan with sour cream and salsa on the side; and even though it was basic nachos (veggies and cheese), it was probably the best I had - they didn't try to mess up a good thing by adding extra toppings. Huge portion too!   The drinks were so affordable! Hooch hour starts after 10pm so all shots were 2$ each and 5$ bar rails! I like the fact that the end of the restaurant turns into a dance floor after maybe 11pm if memory serves me right and they played awesome music the night I was there.   The best thing about this place, in my opinion, is that there's a mini bar attached to the dance floor with the main bar being so close and is the centre of the restaurant. Would highly recommend this place if you're not into the club scene but want to go to a place with good food and great music
1, I am only giving them a "1" rating because it's the lowest available.  We bought an air-conditioner from them in 2014 and one just last summer in 2015.  We've had nothing but problems since the very first day we had it installed.  Not only that, but the guy who comes out is completely rude and his office seems to back him up.  This is a unit which holds 5-tons of Puron so it is pretty big and it's not cheap.  We spent $5000 on the unit and it is still under warranty.  It's a good thing, too, because these people have had to replace it once and now it's compressor just blew yesterday morning.  It had been making horrible noises and shutting down and about a week ago, they came out and replaced the thermostat and the air seemed to work, but it was making an even more horrible noise than before and then 2 nights ago it stopped working altogether again.  So, it just so happens that my roommate was going to call them yesterday, anyway, to come out and fix it AGAIN.  However, before he did, all of a sudden, I heard the loudest BOOM!  I mean, it was like a bomb going off and literally was louder than a shotgun being fired close by.  Then, it had this awful constant noise - like I've never heard before and vapor was coming out of the hose by the valve and there was a funny smell and I didn't know what was going on and I panicked because I wasn't sure if it was smoke or Puron or what so I ran into the house, turned off all of the units, made sure all of our cats were okay and ran back outside real quick with fire-extinguishers just in case it was smoke.  My roommate called them and they said they'd be there within the hour.  Two hours later, a little after noon, the guy shows up and says it's the compressor that totally blew and he'd have to order another one and that they were going to charge $1200 for labor for the 5-hour job it was going to take to do it.  The compressor, itself, is still under warranty.  He tried to say that the problem was our faulty electrical and that it was on our end, therefore, they were not at all to blame for this.  Also, he said this was a completely different issue than the thermostat, which he claimed was a good call and that he did fix that problem correctly.  So, we hired an electrician (one who is extremely reputable) to come out and assess the situation because if it was our end, we knew we needed to not only get it fixed immediately for safety reasons, but I may have owed the guy an apology for insinuating this could have been their fault to begin with.  The electrician came and his findings were that #1, the units were too close to one another to begin with and that after checking the voltages, etc. with his do-hicky (LOL), his findings showed there was not one problem with our electricity, no surges or imbalanced distributions of power, no breaker problems, etc. on our end and he even called his friend who owns another air-conditioning company and his friend told him that had it been on our end it would have not only showed up in his readings, but it would have had to be a surge large enough to, at the very least, surge other electronic items in our home and that really...  it would more realistically be an outage-type surge where other neighbors would also have been affected.  Not only that, but both agreed that there's no way that it should be a 5-hour job to replace a compressor and that the money they were telling us they were going to charge was outlandish.  This electrician made a point of including some of this on the invoice and gave us the contact information of his friend in case we needed additional assistance with this matter.  Thank God for him and for Yelp and all the Yelpers out there who recommended him. :)    I'm doing this review in the hope of saving anyone out there who may be considering hiring these people for ANY reason a lot of time, headache and money.
2, There are better and worse Y's for sure.  This place is nothing compared to Dowd or Davidson, but it does the job.  I would give another star, but I've just been told they are raising the already high price.  Plus, people don't seem to understand the one way signs in the parking lot, or just the parking lot in general.  I've def been honked and yelled at for following the rules.  The front desk help are always pleasant, once you get to them.  I normally don't have the best of interactions with other patrons while waiting in line, but that seems to be the idea on this side of town.  The locker rooms are decent, nothing special.  Plenty of open lockers most times of the day.  You will rarely find yourself solo in the sauna or steam rooms.  I've only swam here once, I need to get on that.  I've never used the basketball courts or anything outside.  I stick to the weight room.  I have never had to wait on a bike or a treadmill.  If I'm looking for a stair climber that can be another story though.  The bikes are no where near as nice as the Dowd.  The only thing I ever have to wait on are the free weights.  There's plenty of weights, but not much room at all to use them.  If you want a lay down bench, you will probably have to wait, especially at peak hours.  All in all, it is what it is.  Its close, so this is where I go.  Plus, there is a 24 hour Harris Teeter right there where nobody looks at you funny for being sweaty in gym clothes.  But, If somebody calls me asking if I want to go to a nicer location, I do.
1, My wife is Brazilian and wanted to show me Brazilian BBQ.  She searched around and was told this is 'the' place to go for BBQ.  Unless you're going to fill up on side dishes, don't expect to get any value for your money at all.  The place suffers from an identity crisis, part night club part overpriced buffet.  The food is entirely average, nothing spectacular but what absolutely stands out is the fact that every portion of meat I was given was entirely bite size, I literally had already eaten the meat given to me before the guy had even left the table.  I often had to wait 5-10 minutes between 'bites' as they were very busy.  The meat was either extremely overcooked or border line raw (I like rare, this was nearly blue).  As I'm from Texas, I've eaten a substantial amount of cornbread and I can honestly say this was sugar with food colouring and a tea spoon of cornmeal.  We ordered caipirinha's and it was like drinking lime flavoured water with ice and a 1/4 shot of Chacas.  What really gets me, is the $43 per person price tag they charged us for this.  I honestly walked away feeling like I just made a charitable donation to the restaurant on my way to McDonald's.
4, With a Just Pay Half Hot Card in my hands and an imminent wall-shaker of a concert at nearby Howler's recently, I strolled into Lot 17's darkened but genial beer hall-ish environs for eats and came away satisfied.   Deciding not to go with a burger for the umpteenth time, I instead chose the Jamaican Jerk Chicken Sandwich, which comes complete with a pineapple ring, a drape of provolone cheese, and roasted red peppers. It's shame that the exquisitely tender chicken didn't smack much of jerk seasoning, though. Nonetheless, sweet, savory, tart, and creamy cavorted brilliantly together within a Sunday dinner-worthy Kaiser roll on a Saturday night. A flawless pile of housemade, kettle-plunged, perfectly salted potato chips complimented the soft and juicy sandwich with their inherent crunch factor.   A domineering cleat of an after-dinner treat, the Snickers Ice Cream Pie had me bug-eyed upon its arrival, something my wonderful server (name forgotten) got a laugh out of.   Carvel had nothing on this monstrosity of vanilla and chocolate ice cream that was garnished with nuts, candy pieces, and sauces of the caramel, white chocolate, and dark chocolate varieties. An Oreo crust would hold this sundae-on-a-plate together, bringing more texture as well as stability to this luscious, saccharine, bon-bon-riddled masterpiece of frozen confection.   With quick, courteous, adept service and above average bar food, Lot 17 has hollowed out a deserved niche for itself in this restaurant-heavy area of Pittsburgh. Considering I have credit left on that card and that Hot Card participants are dwindling, I may be overdue for another visit, and it will be without a hint of reluctance, Lot 17 proving itself to be a sturdy dining option in a neighborhood with much...  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5U9wGcQYfVw
4, I ordered the much recommended hachapuri and 2 orders of khinkali (dumplings). I gotta say the flavours of Georgian cuisine is quite unique. These dishes seemed to be made to order because it took quite some time to receive. It may have been more than half an hour. My favorite would be the hachapuri. It makes me think of having pizza but the cheese is distinctly salty and they roll up the boat edges with cheese so the crust is a delight to eat. I wish there were 2 eggs. It definitely balanced the saltiness of the cheese (feta?). It seemed like there were 2 layers of cheese: the crusty top and a layer of soft chese below. The khinkali reminds me of Chinese dumplings but the flavours are truly very different from what I'm used to. It was creamy and dark. Each serving contained 3 dumplings  which doesn't seem like a lot but it really is like its own meal. It definitely needed something to cut the heaviness. While waiting for the food, we got complimentary appetizers: bread, pickled cabbage and an array of sauces (tomato, Georgian, spicy). The sauces and the pickled cabbage all have tastes I am not familiar with. I ate it all because the food was taking so long to come. The pickled cabbage I did not like so much. All in all, the service was good, the food was filling and I was satisfied.
4, Excellent place if you are walking down Wellington and feel like fish and chips with beer. We went on a bike ride on the first beautiful day of the year and ended up visiting a friend in Verdun. We already know the other Comptoir 21 locations at the Latine Quarter and the Mile-End - but I like this one best. We sat outside (for the first time this year!) and really relished the last light of the day. The waitress was nice and friendly, although she was a little swamped. Once she took our order, the food came pretty fast. While we all had beer, I was actually the only one having fish and chips. My girlfriend had the veggie poutine (they have vegetarian gravy that is not bad) and our friend had a cheeseburger with fries and salad. We all enjoyed our food and I was pleasantly surprised by how calm this street is (compared to busy main streets like saint Denis or Mont-Royal where it's not as nice to sit out in the street). I was also glad for the opportunity to sit outside because sitting inside on the bar makes it harder to have a conversation when more than two people are involved, plus there is a lot of oil in the air near the kitchen.  We went to pay inside and discovered they only accept debit and cash :( but overall this is a good place to have a good time!
5, Wow. Difficult is not the word I would use to explain Turtlehead Peak. How about "extremelystrenuousandrewarding"  6 hours round trip, 2 liters of water, holes in my shoe, change in headband, backpack tan, sunglass tan, burnt arms, sore legs, and dirt all over my body was the result of my trip at Turtlehead Peak.Making it to the top of Turtlehead Peak I was rewarded with a really nice cool breeze, an ammo box holding a signature book, and one of the best views I have ever seen in my life. Worth it? Yes. Would I do it again? Probably not.   Would not recommend for something looking for a nice stroll in nature or a quick hike (less than 4 hours).   What I learned from my experience and mistakes is that you should have the following items with you:  1. Excess water (better to have more than less in this case) 2. Sunblock 3. Hiking shoes or comfortable shoes that you don't mind destroying. 4. FOOD! ( I really lacked on this one, I ate prior to the hike, but all that uphill really took a toll on my energy. I appreciate the kindness of whoever left a Clifbar inside the ammo box holding the signature book. Don't think I would of made it down without one) 5. A companion 6. A map or GPS device. 7. Focus 8. Patience  P.S. Don't get off the trail like my group did within the first 15 minutes. There are trail markers for you that will make the trip a lot less strenuous and more enjoyable.   P.S.S. The first part of going down can be dangerous and it is easy to slip, so be careful!
4, Wow! I'm the first to review! How can that be? The Lotus Garden has been around for 60 years and there's no question as to why. The food is fantastic and the staff is very friendly and accomodating.  My meal always starts out with an egg roll. These are no ordinary egg rolls...they're not tiny, and aren't considered one of those side items tossed in as an afterthought as at most Chinese restaurants. No - these egg rolls could be a meal! Filled with baby shrimp, cabbage, and carrots, the filling is tender with a bit of a crunch. The wrapper isn't your typical thin, fried, "papery skin". The wrapper is a bit more substantial because of the size of the egg roll..yet it's crisp on the outside and a little chewy on the inside. The best egg rolls I've ever eaten.  I also like to order the fried pork dumplings. They're pretty basic as pork dumplings go, but they have a great flavor and the dipping sauce is very good. I'm pretty picky about my dumpling sauce. I don't like it too salty or too sweet. This is just perfect with a touch of heat.  My main course staple is the chicken with garlic sauce. This is noted on the menu as a spicy item. The Thai red pepper flakes give it the right amount of heat without overpowering the garlic brown sauce. It's a simple dish with slivers of white meat chicken, slivered water chestnuts, and a few mushrooms tossed in for good measure. This dish is so flavorful that you don't need anything else. I love the chicken paired with the crunch of the water chestnuts. They both take on the flavor of the sauce quite well.   Other great dishes are the chicken lo mein, General Tso's Chicken, and chicken with broccoli.  Plus the atmosphere is welcoming and cozy. No need for takeout!
5, I recently answered a job offer on Craigslist which stated "In the chaos of unpacked boxes you orchestrate a home masterpiece!" which I quickly answered and got.  Basically I curated this woman's art, sacred objects and artifacts collection and needless to say it was a very memorable week working in what you can imagine to be a very eclectic home.  When the job finished my client invited the crew and I to a celebration dinner which brought us to a restaurant in Inglewood on 9th avenue S.E. called Sugo Caffe Italia.  Just sitting outside Sugo I felt underdressed and so did my co-workers but our appetites and curiosity managed to find our way into the restaurant where our reservation of 6 was warmly greeted by the staff.  The decor in this restaurant is exquisite, simple and clean with accents of contemporary earthy art pieces on warm muted walls.  Jarred tomatoes and jams are illuminated upwards with mini lights shining brightly from beneath them and antique chandeliers hang above dripping with crystal raindrops and lined pearl beads.  There is no corner that has not been thought out decoration wise here and the table settings are complete with artisan ceramics and fine crystal glassware.  An average meal is between 20 to 40 dollars but once you savour the many dishes on a menu that changes every evening and the many cheese options that I couldn't pronounce you are completely titillated.  Every meal's presentation has been evoked with an artist's touch and the freshest ingredients are presented in front of you to tantalize your palate.  I was extremely impressed by an ample Scotch list, over 15 choices and the huge portions of deserts that were presented in the most elegant formations that look like one could almost wear them as head pieces.  I was so impressed by Sugo the first time that I took my partner there to have our own celebration dinner the very next evening.  Absolutely 5 stars without a question.
5, Amazing food, drinks, service!  We started with what we thought would be a 30-40 minute wait for a table- what did we expect on a Friday night?  they send text notification when your table is available (love that!). Our table was made available much sooner than anticipated. The Bloody Mary was super delicious and came with several garnishes-including a nice snow crab leg!   Our server, Dawn, was personable, and while we could tell she was super busy, she made sure we were taken care of, and explained any expected delay!  The menu was AMAZING!  Nothing sounded bad!  I had the snow crab boil with added vegetables (1 pound!) and corn on the cob with the Trifecta sauce at level 3 heat. My companion, the Incredible Running God, was more adventurous and had the shrimp boil (complete with "everything that shrimp was born with" as our server put it-eyes, tail, legs) with the Trifecta sauce in level 4 heat-"Angry ghost". Be prepared to sweat with level 4 spice!  The kiddo had the pepperoni flatbread which sounded like a horribly boring choice, but hey, what can I expect taking a moody tweenager who hates seafood to a crab shack!  The place was packed!  And for good reason!  It was our first trip there, but certainly won't be our last!
1, The building is lovely.  The remodel after Buttita's is as good as one can do when turning a lovely restaurant into a sports bar-style restaurant (though why one would want to do that is beyond me).  And that's where the good stuff stops. In short, the service and all things related to it were glacially slow; the food, when it arrived, was mediocre at best -- and missing key elements (one whole order, and other parts).  This restaurant cannot possibly last if they don't figure out how to greet and serve customers, or get the food that was ordered actually to the tables. The full story. Upon arrival, we found a vacant hostess stand, then a long walk down the hall to the dining room along which we saw no one who works there.  Luckily, we ran into friends who assured us that we could seat ourselves. After waiting at our table for some 15 minutes, we used a bit of self-help, and accosted a waitress to ask for some menus.  After another 5-7 minutes another waitress finally showed up with menus and silverware. She did not offer water, or to bring us a drink of any sort - just plopped the menus down and disappeared. Quite some time later, our waitress arrived, apologetically, and took our order.  We ordered an appetizer (cheese fries), and three meals: 1 burger (would have been on wheat bread but despite the menu, they had none), one 1/2 ribeye (which the menu says was supposed to be thick, but which was certainly not), that should have come with some interesting sounding twice baked potato casserole, and one individual pizza.  My daughter ordered a diet, I ordered water, and my husband ordered a beer. The water and diet only took about 7 minutes to arrive. The appetizer might have arrived after another 10, but the food runner carrying the plate of cheese fries tried to deliver them to another table. Having learned he had the wrong table, the lad just took them back to the kitchen. Eventually, the cheese fries arrived.  They weren't as hot as one would like, and for the price, there should have been a LOT more cheese.  The fries were no better than I could make using frozen crinkle fries from the grocery. Within 3 minutes of the appetizer's tardy arrival, some of our food arrived. The burger (but not the beer), and my steak with vegetable, but no potato casserole, and no pizza. The waitress arrived, and asked if everything was there, we told her "no", and pointed out that we were missing the beer, the potatoes and the pizza.  Ten minutes later the beer arrived. My husband then went up to the window where the pizza would have been put up for a food runner -- no pizza had been ordered. So.  The steak was fatty, but moderately tasty, if only tepid.  The broccoli was cold, the burger was not as good as you can get at, say Hardee's (despite costing twice as much).  We never did get the pizza.  Or the potatoes.   I DID offer to come in as a consulting manager to help them teach the staff how to actually wait tables......
1, Problems popped up after we dropped off the vehicle. This location doesn't have an after hours key drop box. In the past, we simply left the keys in the locked vehicle.  On Sunday we parked the SUV in a spot directly adjacent to the front door. On Monday at 5:45 pm; I received a call from  them asking where the car was. After they figured that out; they claimed not to have a spare key and we would be charged continued rental until WE found a way to actually put the keys in their hands. Or we could pay a $50 fee and an extra day rental and they would handle it. After demanding to speak with a manager; we were told that they would drop all extra charges this time.  Looked at our checking account on Tuesday. Found out that they had debited our account for the rental plus the initial deposit. (The deposit is never drawn at the end unless there were damages involved; there weren't.) Had to call our bank to contest the extra charges. The bank handled this for us and we only paid the agreed upon rental price. This was the ABSOLUTE worst rental experience we ever had.
4, I've been here three times.  I concur with the commenter who noted that the parking situation is difficult.  However, being close to I-15 and Spring Mountain is a huge advantage for me, and it is open 24 hours.  A relatively new member of the staff is Tony, who recently left Saigon 8.  The guy is terrific, and I've seen him iron out the bumps when language is a problem.  He's the reason I came to this restaurant in the first place.  I've had pho twice and vermicelli with grilled pork, spicy (#68) once.  The pho broth was pretty good (not quite Saigon 8, but not bad), and the meat, etc., was also good.  The #68 was the best thing I've had there, and it is served in a bowl rather than a plate, which I think helped.  The restaurant was jam packed (Friday, about 1:30 p.m.), but service went smoothly.  By the time I was finished, I would say about two thirds of the crowd had left after eating.  At the table, There was hoisin sauce and Sriracha hot sauce, plus fish sauce and soy sauce.  There was also a jar of a pepper sauce that looked like a Szechuan sauce, but didn't have the heat.  There were plain wooden chop sticks, which I like, spoons, and small saucers, which I use to mix a dip.  I've mentioned in my Jenny Pho review that this is the way I prefer it, instead of bringing stuff out with the pho, and using lacquered chop sticks.  One thing you should know is that there is a sign that says cash only.  That changed a couple of months ago.  They allow major credit cards (Visa, MC), but they left the sign up.  I like the restaurant for the quality of the food, which is pretty good, location, near I-15, and the fact that Tony now works here, and he's terrific.  Something I should have said earlier:  Pho Little Saigon makes its own Vietnamese sandwiches.  I brought some home, and they're very good.  Pho Saigon 8 doesn't  make its own, though there's a shop that makes them out the rear of their parking lot.
4, Are you looking for an organic, unique, and historical restaurant? Than Joes Farm Grill is the place for you. Even if you have simple tastes Joes Farm Grill will have something to suit your needs.  It has beautiful decoration, great food and affordable prices, so why not pay a visit.  Joes Farm Grill has a long historical background, with a house originally built in 1966 by the Johnston family. In later years it was decided to turn the farm into a restaurant with its food being home grown or locally brought in. The house development around the farm is Agritopia, and was dedicated to permanent urban farming. In fact if you live in the development surrounding the restaurant you can rent a garden lot to grow vegetables.  All of their products are certified USDA organic, and their focus is common food done uncommonly. They feel fresh food taste better and are better for you so why not share all that with the customers. They take the foods taste to a new level with all of the recipes and ingredients.  Joes Farm Grill is delicious, unique and a fun experience. I feel most restaurants are chains and don't have the history behind them like Joes does, and because of this it makes the experience much more special. Knowing your food is organic makes it taste ten times better, and knowing you don't have to spend a fortune for organic makes me want to go again. It's really stands out among most and everyone in the chandler area needs to stop by and visit.   First walking up to the twelve acre masterpiece is like going through a farm, with orange trees covering the path and large oaks surrounding it which gives a beautiful green glow of a garden.  It smells fresh and gives you an earthy vive. They are enormous and full of green vegetables that look extremely appetizing. They are covering most of the land and you can walk through them and see your food growing.  The building is white with large windows showing the back and the front equally, and the inside has simple decorations with light blue and green accents not to overpower the beauty of the vegetation growing outside. It holds no more than a hundred people and is rather spacious seating. The entire restaurant is very simple with a 60s feel mixed with a futuristic time. I ordered the jumbo breaded shrimp with fries, French toast banana peanut butter sandwich and the barbeque chicken pizza. I went with my sister because the portions are rather large and I could not have eaten it by myself. This was my first time visiting the restaurant and my sisters second. Everything so far was very pleasant and the employees were very nice. No more than ten minutes later our food was ready and it looked and smelt great. We sat down and I tried each dish, starting with the shrimp which were very large. The shrimp was crunchy and juicy and was simple and not overpowering. I thought it tasted very good and wasn't too rich which is a problem I normally find when ordering shrimp. Then I tried the French toast peanut butter sandwiches that surprisingly had strawberry's in it too. This was one of the best tasting things I have ever had! It was a house specialty and lives up to its name. It tasted like a gourmet peanut butter sandwich and was so flavorful and sweet. I had to order another one. Then I tried the barbeque pizza, I liked it but it wasn't my favorite. It was thin crust and slightly burnt, but it did taste good with the cheese and chicken combination. It just tasted like there was too many ingredients on the pizza that overpowered it. The prices weren't that bad either, the shrimp was the most expensive at 14.99 when I go again I probably won't order this again, just because it wasn't a to die for dish.  The peanut butter sandwiches were 10.99 and I crave these every day it was amazing! Than last the pizza was 12.99, my sister liked it more than I did so it depends on your taste but I probably will try something else.  The most important part though is the food, and not to leave you hanging was no matter what spectacular. Fresh fries galore. The most appealing part to me was the decorations and the gardens surrounding the place. I think the set up as if you're in a food court is a really interesting concept; you have to throw away your own food on trays, and clean up after yourself. I didn't expect that and I think it's a smart move on the restaurants part.  The calm and relaxing atmosphere, and no rush pace is really nice.  I enjoyed Joes Farm Grill and I plan on visiting again. I think the organic concept and urban farming is a really nice thing to hear about in today's society. I feel better knowing I'm eating organic, and knowing there are still places that are going strong with the idea of organic. I hope the success of this restaurant shows others they can do the same. This restaurant meets all my needs as a customer, clean, green and tasty what more could you want.
5, For me Eddie V's never disappoints.  Fantastic service, incredible food, great choices, terrific atmosphere... this is now my go-to place for an overall grand experience.  They offer Valet parking which I love... nothing worse than getting all dressed up and having to walk 2 blocks to get to your destination.  It is $3 plus tip... just an FYI.  We always make reservations just to be sure we'll get in.  If the tables not ready they have a very nice bar area to enjoy a cocktail while you wait.  Both times recently our table was ready even though we arrived a bit early so we just sat down.  Service is A+, first class all the way.  You can just relax and enjoy your dinner.  Things I love, Sea Bass!  OMG it is wonderful!  If you like Sea Bass... get it.  It is a huge portion and its usually market price...  Last time I ordered it was $35 which I thought very reasonable considering the portion size.  Very easily shared by two with smaller appetites. Sorry... back to appetizers... Oyster lovers love the oysters here!  they are on the happy hour menu in the bar area.  Yellowtail sashimi is OMG to die for.  Heirloom tomato salad was fantastic too.  Filet always a good choice... The asparagus was cooked to perfection and I would choose the augratin potatoes over the twice baked.  Ive had both and I prefer mashed or baked usually but these augratin are wow... really great.  The Sole is super!  It is a HUGE portion so unless you are a big eater or you are sharing... there is too much to eat but its prepared to a T!  It has a crispy exterior due to the parmasan crusting... and its delish!  Oh and if you order a steak... you can order any way, any sauce, peppered, etc.... pretty much it seems if you ask they most likely can do.  Just the way you like it! They also have live jazz playing in the bar area... very nice touch.
1, I have been using Handy's service for three months now. I will admit that I had 2-3 really good professionals clean my place. However, the others were just OK...Several of them would leave after 1.5 hours even though I paid for 2.5 hours. I could understand if there were not anything else to do, but there was (for example: mopping the floor.)  I have had a couple of professionals who were very rude. The last one was scared of dogs even though it states on my profile that I have a dog, and he will be with me at all times. BTW: I have a 10 pound Chihweenie who is very sweet and likes all people. The last person kept complaining that there is no free parking--well I live in downtown Toronto. What do you expect? She stated that she had tried to call me and text me. However, I showed her my cell phone, and there were no contact from her.  I don't get the same pros each two weeks. I am allowing a complete stranger into my apartment each time. I have decided that I will cancel my service as of today. I am truly not satisfied with the unprofessionalism, pros coming late and leaving early, and jobs that were done half assed. I am not asking for much. I am asking to clean the counters and mop the floors. I don't think that this is too much to ask.
4, On a recent trip to Westgate our friendly tour guide suggested we get pedis here.  This place did not disappoint, taking all 3 of us on the spot and plunking us down in their luxurious (aaahhh ) massage chairs and getting our feet soaking right away.  It had been about 6 weeks since my last pedi and I was due.  In my opinion, this place was superior to the Aveda spa I had last visited.   True confession, I had a little fall in Old Scottsdale the day before on unsteady footwear so my foot was twisted and painful.  The lady worked my feet perfectly, although a bit painfully.  But good.  I walk a ton and have calluses on the pads of my feet that really needed attention.  My feet are in much better shape now - pretty!  A bonus for us was the owner, who was a big football fan and confessed he'd bet on the Vikings to win the Super Bowl.  Then we talked Packers - the local team that has our hearts!  The best was the price.  The pedicures started for a mere $32.  I paid $40.  One of my friends got paraffin and paid more.  Well worth it for this luxury!  Thanks again for the great treatment!
4, After an evening dining at Commercial Center we decided to drive around the parking lot to see what other odd places we could find. Cue Club is large inside and out. Like how can they use this much space? The bartender gave us the lowdown as soon as we walked in: the building is divided into smoking and non smoking and each have either quarter tables or pay by the hour tables. Apparently you can only do pay by the hour if you're a pro. We chose the non smoking side and there were 2-3 other tables being used at the time. The jukebox was surprisingly really good until someone chose to play their own tunes. We did end up smelling like cigarette smoke afterwards. Not sure if this is from hanging out in the smoking area initially or if it's so overpowering that it gets into the non smoking area. They also have shuffleboard and a few carnival style games like skee ball. Knowing that most any billiards hall in Vegas is going to be equally smoky I think I'd rather come here and know your chances of getting a table are pretty good and they're at least attempting to offer a non smoking option.
4, I've donated since college when I started organizing blood drives at our school. I try to donate during holidays since it seems that's when more activity happen with tourists in town or DUI accidents. It's a great way to give back and get some neat freebies, movie and Penn & Teller tickets, Amazon gift cards, blood donation promotional and "hero in you" t-shirts. :)  The West Charleston site is the UBS I've donated to for many years. Location is within 15 minutes from home and has great parking. I am thrilled they now have a questionnaire they email me the day of my donation so I can jam through it while having my morning cup of joe.   I love Mimi when I donate platelets. The other phlebotomists not so much. Last Sunday went and had an unsuccessful donation and a bruise for four days from my stick. I will only donate from this point forward when she's working. She knows me by name, happy, bright, sunny disposition, always has a loving presence and checks up on me throughout my 1-1/2 hour platelets donation process. Afterwards there are always lots of different juices in the frig, oatmeal raisin and chocolate chip cookies, Oreos, nuts and wheat thins. I actually raid the canteen area BEFORE my donation when I have to sit get my vitals done (BP, temp, pulse, iron). Due to being a pescetarian, my iron usually teeters on the 12.5 mark.  Please donate! We need more people to give in Vegas.
2, Robuchon was the first 3-star michelin my wife and I had been to (Daniel in NYC only recently attaining their third star).  However, it paled in comparison to many of the 2-starred venues.  The prices are obscene first of all - about double what I've grown accustomed to paying for a  similar experience (even the champagne).  Not to mention, the bites and bubbles menu at Guy Savoy we had tackled two nights prior was MUCH more affordable and more enjoyable.  Our standard 5 course menu began with what was really  an oversized amuse bouche, a chopped apple with spices served in a glass wrapped with pictures of apples.  Good but not worthy of being called an appetizer.  The next dish was cold, shaved foie gras and thin slices of black truffles arranged in a salad.  The truffle slices were old or improperly stored and had absolutely no flavor.  I absolutely love truffles and should have sent it back; huge disappointment.  The foie gras was excellent however.    The main courses were a boring fish cooked in a unneccesarily huge iron pot and some wagyu steak.  The quality of the steak was amazing, much like the one time I've had authentic prime wagyu before where I was charged far less for the pleasure.    The one saving grace of the meal was dessert..  The presentation of a shiny, glittery ball that melted upon contact with a warm sauce was spectacular.  The dessert trolley offered a wide selection of expertly prepared mignardises.  The free take-home box of chocolates was a nice touch.    Service was great but not exceptional and the tables were packed too closely.    Overall, Robuchon is hardly deserving of 3 michelin stars based on our one experience, though your mileage may vary .  I feel that it was all style over substance and that may be fine for fashion bu not for food.  At half the price, I'd have been more forgiving (3-4 stars), but I felt cheated and given the many other excellent restaurants in Vegas, I don't feel there's any reason to visit Robuchon.  And I say this having gone in with a very positive attitutide after dining at L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon in Paris, which was exceptional all around.  If you do go to Robuchon, my one piece of advice is to go a la cart, which I didn't realize was an option and seemed almost reasonable.
4, My husband and I started eating here a few months ago. It's close to home and convenient for a quick bite. Food is very good. We've only tried the Mahi Mahi and fish n chips, but recommend both. Prices are pretty resonable for the area and not much different than any other restaurant. Service is a hit and miss. The young gals working there are mostly very friendly and attentive with an occasional employee not wanting to put much effort into work. That doesn't compromise the food however. The one thing that took me by surprise on my last visit was watching a gentleman pick up the wash rag off of the FLOOR behind the cash register and start wiping tables with it. When we were leaving I asked the gal at the counter who the manager was and she said well he's the owner and pointed to the very gentleman that picked up the washrag and wiped tables. I said to him, "I just watched you picked up the wash rag off the floor and start wiping down the tables." I'm sure (or hope) he teaches his staff restaurant cleanliness. You can tell he was embarrassed  (which was not my intent at all), but he did apologize. I think he will be more conscious going forward. I DO NOT WANT THIS TO DISCOURAGE ANYONE FROM EATING AT THIS RESTAURANT AS THE FOOD IS REALLY GOOD AND WE WILL DEFINITELY CONTINUE EATING THERE. Because of this however, I could only give it four stars.
4, I read reviews on yelp for sushi places in Phoenix area before picking one, so my husband & I could go there while we were there for a vacation.  This one poped up as the nicest and best food reviews. So, we were quite surprised to see it was tucked in the middle of a strip center (between a Dollar Tree and Subway!). We almost had the taxi keep driving and go somewhere else.  Luckily we didn't. It is a very small place, but very warm and cozy and romantic as well. We had exceptional service the entire night and great sushi dishes! We went off the recommendations of our waitress and loved everything.   We went with the tapas style menu, with smaller portions, and had 5-6 different dishes. I don't remember the names of all of the dishes we tried, but most were raw sushi with light sauces, absolutely delicious! Then the last one was a hot seafood plate with shrimp, clams, squid, etc. THEN they take the sauce left, after we finished the plate, back into the kitchen to make a small dish of risotto with it and served it to us...Perfection!  One negative comment. I love seaweed salad and they only serve the kind with mostly cucumbers. I was very dissappointed, as I do not like cucumbers, and getting the salad without the cucumbers was not an option.   We would absolutely go back here, though, and eat again.
4, There appear to be many negative reviews of this place but I can honestly say we had a blast.  We raced with a super-groupon deal so that our family of 4 had 2 races each.   The kids started with the junior carts and that was the right call as neither really had much experience driving carts (Mario Kart doesn't count) so they were a bit cautious at first. However, in their second race they put the pedal to the metal and tested the limits of their speed-limited carts.  The adults took the big carts for a run and I was lucky to be racing with novices and took the checkered flag in one of the two races. I was foiled by a "pile up" in one of the races which killed my lap average. :) My lovely wife took a nice stroll around the course and it was fun to wave as I zipped by.  The service was excellent. The track-workers were hilarious. All in all a great experience.   ** note ** Our first attempt to race was marred by the company Groupon and their multi-hour outage in March 2015. We did not print the groupon, we couldn't pull it up on our phones, and they had no way to help us over the phone (30+ min wait to tell us that). Clearly this had nothing to do with K1, and they were trying to help us, and other than just giving us the races for free I'm not sure they could have done more.
3, I'm a Cleveland local who travels monthly for work. I have to say that now that my horizons have been broadened by other airport experiences I have to put CLE ( Cleveland Hopkins) as just plain average if not slightly below average.  Compared to other similar sized airports it just seems dingy and blah  Our airport is just so Outdated! Sad but true!  Dingy concourses, drab and downright depressing. I always feel badly for those with mobility limitations trying to get to the end of the c concourse. People movers would be great but clearly the walkways aren't wide enough.   Passenger waiting areas are so ancient. For gosh sakes trying to find a plug to charge phones, tablets, laptops is almost impossible to locate.  The food choices are sporadic, limited and boring.  The welcome for new airport travelers is just not welcoming.  Reading articles about possible new airports in Pittsburgh and Columbus may lessen travelers willing to use our airport. We really need a new airport or a massive update.
3, We got a GO room which was nice but 2 stars off for:  1. Our toilet overflowed at 3am 2. No late check-out, not even at noon!  I was looking forward to the bed since everyone raved that you couldn't get out of it but for me, I got out of it with no hesitation. My bed at home is waaaaaay better.  I did enjoy the built-in TV in the mirror in the bathroom. My BF thought I fell in the toilet because I was taking so damn long but I just had to reassure him that I was just watching TV LOL! And I didn't mind the pink florenscent lighting in the bathroom. Pink is my favorite color!  Sure the casino floor can be smoky but I really didn't care because as a smoker, I was contributing to the smokiness.  And boo to the cocktail waitress that wouldn't give my BF 2 drinks because she was insinuating that one was for me and I wasn't playing at the time. Um, missy can't you see that I have 2 drinks already that are keeping me rather busy?  The pool is the highlight of the whole place. So much fun!!! The slides connecting to the pools were great and the turn around of people was pretty good so you will find a lounge chair. Sure there were kids but not as much as I expected. And they were about 12+ years old and watching them have a blast made me feel like acting 12 years old again and go down the slide over and over and over and over again. The waterfall is nice too.  And how LUCKY was I when I lost my DL in the pool and one of the lifegaurds was able to spot me out and give it back to me! Lifegaurd you ROCK!!!!!  2 for 1 Dos Equis at the pool bar! Drunk swimming! Hell yeah!
5, We decided to try someplace new for our weekly breakfast out as a family, and I'm so happy we went to Lone Spur Cafe.  Our server, Michelle, was awesome! We had our two toddlers with us, and she engaged them from the get-go, which is huge for us. She got our older daughter some stickers to play with, and they even had a saddle bag up front with goodies in it that the kids got to pick from. She mentioned that it's a very family-oriented business, and that was very clear in how the kids were treated as guests, not just accessories of their parents. I love it when businesses embrace kids! The food was also top-notch, and arrived to the table quickly. I had the Eggs Benedict, and loved their thick, buttery Hollandaise sauce. Their breakfast potatoes were also very good. My husband had a skillet meal that looked great, and I stole a bite of his toast with house-made jam, that was seriously soooo good.  The service, food, and atmosphere at Lone Spur were all great, and we will definitely make a return trip in the future to try some of their other offerings! A big THANK YOU to the management and staff for creating such an awesome family environment!
5, I've been massaged in 4 states by dozens of masseuses over ten years. I have received sports massages, Swedish and deep tissue. I consider La Vida to be a very good facility and Angel to be a very competent therapist. For more than 6 months I have gone once every 3-4 weeks.  I work out regularly and consider a massage a great way to heal sore muscles and low back pain from sitting at a desk all day. After my old therapist moved to Florida, I began the annoying process of trying new ones. Some have trouble dialing up or down the pressure. Some can't get the low back pain out like others. Some reek of cigarette smoke. Some are lazy, using one hand at a time instead of two.  Then I found Angel, who is quite competent. If you wanna chat, she'll chat. If you want quiet relaxation, she'll put you at ease. If you say "I hurt here", she will solve it. I consider one of Angel's attributes to be the fact she can dial up or down pressure just BARELY, and maintain that. She can find where it hurts and, due to her through knowledge of fascia and layers of tissue, massage the pain away. After repeat sessions, she understands I need more pressure on the right side of my spine than my left. Angel's ability to meet her clients needs combined with her through knowledge of muscle and fascia along with the ability to maintain consistent pressure make her an extremely competent therapist.  If Angel is busy or sick, Ivan is a fantastic alternative. He's an A in my book, with Angel an A+. Edit: Forgot to mention, Ivan's strengths are deep tissue and neck work. If your neck specifically is killing you or you need real deep tissue, Ivan is your man.  La Vida is an upper middle / yuppie chain massage location with ample parking. I feel strongly that these are superior to middle brow chain massage places (such as Massage Envy) and superior to upscale spas (such as Sewickly or Seven Springs or Esspa). Simply put, La Vida has lots of returning clients and as such, a steady stream of business and competent and calm massage therapists with little turnover.
5, Boyfriend and I don't really gamble (tho, I do occasionally play some Blackjack or Poker), so when we come to Vegas, it's usually for a different reason -- wedding, or, most recently, Boyfriend's show at the Double Down saloon. Thus, we actually PREFER a hotel with no casino in it. I got a Travelzoo rate several months ago for $109/nt for a King Suite with a view.  When we arrived, check-in was VERY efficient and speedy. Our room was on the 55th floor and we had a view straight down the Strip. The room was spacious and had a well-equipped kitchenette (including Sub Zero mini fridge, Bosch microwave and Cuisinart toaster and blender). The bathroom had a huge marble shower and separate Jacuzzi bathtub, double marble sinks and a flatscreen TV INSIDE of the mirror! The furnishings are very clean and modern and the room felt luxurious.  The best part of the entire room was the bed! It was easily the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in -- IN MY LIFE! The front desk told me they are made by Stearns & Foster specially for Mr. Trump, but that he thinks something similar is available through the company. The sheets were high TC and the pillows and comforter were lofty and plump. The hotel also offers a 4 p.m. late checkout for no additional charge, which was perfect since we were out until 4 a.m. the night before.  My complaints are extremely minor: no call-down service for the valet (but the wait was usually only about 10 minutes), no free WiFi ($12/day is a little steep and I felt it should have been included), no additional toiletries like mouthwash or toothpaste and the shampoo/conditioner wasn't very high quality. Boyfriend also thought there should be some sort of rubber mat for the shower, since it was all marble and was very slippery once wet. My only other comment is that the lobby is a little bit gauche (but, it's Vegas...what lobby isn't?!).  All in all, I thought this was a FANTASTIC value and, as I said, the best bed I've experienced in my life. I will definitely be back.  p.s. in response to those who say it's "off the Strip," it's not. It's on the older part of the Strip (near Circus Circus), but it's not technically "off-Strip."  Also, when it's 110 degrees outside, I don't know who is actually WALKING from casino to casino, anyway!!! Seriously? Doesn't everyone take a cab everywhere?
4, So many great things about this resort.   Loved staying offstrip for a quieter experience.     The good:.   Staff are great (see exception below).   Most staff here were fabulous.  The check in was smooth, the valet staff are lovely, one of the cleaning staff even offered to wait for me to get my Starbucks when she saw me hesitating to leave the guest access only area because I forgot my card.   The amenities here are awesome!  The pools are gorgeous and one pool has a sand bottom portion with a sand beach.     The only thing I will say needs to change is the pool staff.   For the most part the wait staff was okay but could definitely improve but what I found awful were the lifeguards.   The first day we were at the pool three lifeguards just talked amongst themselves and bottle flipped to keep themselves busy. Yes, bottle flipped - my 8 year kids favorite game.  There was even a point where a young child in the pool went face down in the water and the adult with them didn't notice and guess what? Neither did the lifeguards.   No kidding someone is going to die on their watch if they continue like this.  The second day here it was two lifeguards having a bromance looking at each other the whole time instead of at the pool.  I get that it's not that busy but it's a job that has some dangerous consequences if you aren't doing your job even for a moment.  Instead they were passing a life float between them for fun, talking about picking girls up at the bar to the point my husband had to leave becauae he didn't want to here their childish talk anymore.     Otherwise a fantastic stay.    I'd return here for sure.
3, I've got a 2 hour layover so armed with my trusty ipad I decided to review this box restaurant. I usually don't review places like this. They are all the same to me.  Food is on the average side. I ordered a chilli, coffee, and a donut.  The food tastes the same as every other T Hortons I've been to. That's the advantage of these box restaurants, generally there are no surprises.   My tirade is going to be on the service staff. These women are awful!  The counter person who served me did not dare look me in the eyes when addressing me. Avoiding eye contact, looking down, she mumbled something incoherent to me. I had to ask her twice what she was trying to say to me. She wanted to know what kind of bun do I want with my chilli.... Whole wheat or white.  I know many of the counter people who work at T Hortons are immigrants working for min wage and they are working long hours, but have a bit of empathy!  A weary traveler would certainly appreciate a friendly smile and a sweet disposition!  I think showing that you're happy can make you feel happy!  Just food for thought....  Something to think about on your next coffee break.
1, This place leaves a lot to desired. My dad and I went during the week because he was craving Mexican food. So, I suggested we give Gil's a shot - trying to support local restaurants.   It was in a pretty dingy strip mall but we weren't deterred. There was a family eating on the patio so we decided to eat inside (and were the only ones in there, aside from one guy that stopped in to get a take-out order).   We started with chips and salsa. The chips were descent - thicker than normal but tasty. The salsa (if you can call it that) was horrible. Not much better than tomato paste and a few spices.   Then, we got a cheese crisp with green chiles. This was the highlight of the meal. Not a memorable cheese crisp but the green chiles were fresh and not canned.   For entrees I got a shredded beef taco and my dad got a combo plate with an enchilada, rice and beans. Pretty bad - bland and nothing to come back for.   The 1-star is for the friendly service, good chips and okay cheese crisp. But, if you're wanting Mexican food, you'd be better off at Valle Luna or Manuel's.   And my rating is not because I'm comparing this place to normal "Mexican food" places - I know this place is supposed to be "New Mexican." I have been to good New Mexican food restaurants - this will never be one of them.
5, My wife and I know breafast fare, and we think Bouchon is the best anywhere, bar none.  Yesterday morning was our second visit to Bouchon - the first was a couple years ago.  The setting feels elegant and calm, in stark contrast to manic hustle of the Las Vegas Strip.  My wife ordered the Quiche du Jour, which yesterday was a quiche florentine (spinach and cheese), served with a simple salad of lightly dressed greens.  I had the Croque Madame (toasted ham & cheese on brioche with a fried egg & mornay sauce) which was served with more french fries than I deserved.  Seriously, Chef, you can pull back on the volume of fries.  But everything, from the complimentary bread served with butter and incredible jam, to the perfect quiche to the wonderful croque, was FANTASTIC.  Highly recommend.  Only criticism was they were a bit snooty when my wife and I tried to swing by for lunch the day before - seems strange that they say they are open for lunch but close at 1 pm.  Regardless, we can't wait to come back.
4, I call it Central Avenue Hiking Trail.  I've heard folks call this the Bridle Path, but there are a lot more running shoes and strollers than riding boots and saddles. NOBODY says Murphy Bridle Path, except maybe some grisly old dudes munching stogies and kicking out women at Phx Country Club.  "there are no brides either so all the times you see it referred to as Bridal Path is wrong. " Artur C.   ell oh ell 8^ D  I really love this path.  I like going out into wilderness more than strolling through the city's center, but THERE'S SHADE ON THIS TRAIL !!!   Yea! If you were to go all heat stroke it wouldn't take a helicopter to extract you!   Yea! Lots of friendly people of various hobbies and fitness levels, and a Boy Scout troop (I cannot recall the name of to give credit to) has even continued to supply the doggie mitt boxes with real pick-up bags, even though the city of Phoenix has stopped supplying them to all of the dog parks. At the north end of the path, you are a little south of Dunlap ave, near Corbin's and Bombero's, and at a crossroads with the Trail going along the Canal.  You can park in the lot at Senior Villa Mexican Restaurant [*Edit: Formerly this mexican rest, but now the new Central Grille at 8525 N Central*].  If you want to start further south, then there are plenty of churches where you can prob park, but this restaurant is not open in the early part of the day, so even on weekends, this is a nice place to park.   Lock up!  Despite your surroundings, and those even more posh further to the south, you are only a 5 minute walk from downtown Sunnyslope.  On the southwest side of the canal, there's a house with it's back wall bordering the canal path.  The folks here have built a few Guard Towers for their little dog, and s/he gets to runs up the steps to see over the wall and bark at whomever is going by.  NEAT and FUN for that dog, but was a little distracting to my dogs, who wanted to eat that yappy little....) Only trouble I had:  once you're down the road a bit further south on Central, you are moving past various houses, estates, and condominiums, and are no longer near any of those restaurants up near Dunlap, however there is a distinct odor of DIRTY SPENT FRYER GREASE all up and down the path.  I wonder if the city sprays a petroleum product on the unpaved path to keep dust down?  I hope not; they did that on my street as a kid in Detroit, and anyone who walked on it barefoot got blisters, cracking, and peeling skin.  Blech!  Even if I lived near here, I'd rather have the dust, and I don't want that on my dogs feet, either. One reason I'd use this path in the summer is that with all the nice sized shade trees, you don't need to get your dog booties.   Pick up after your dogs.  What's with the people who tie it up in a baggie, but then leave the baggie?
1, There is no way this place deserve a high raiting on yelp  This is the most unprofessional and disorganized range I ever been to. I gave it a chance as it was close my home but I really regret I did  We arrived and immediately put our names on a list, upon asking how long will it be, the lady behind the counter replied, 20 to 30 minutes. That's ok I'll wait a bit and see what happens  I go and observe the range, only 7 spots, seems small but I'll deal with it. I see three lanes open up, range officer says over the radio, three lanes are open. 15 minutes go by, still no one in the lanes. The place is packed at this point.  Other customers are getting irritated. I go back and ask how much longer, she tells me 25 minutes. Another customer starts yelling "there are three open lanes back there, what's the hold up" she replies that she didn't know, after I observed four radio transmissions stating three lanes are available and one range personnel coming to the counter to say three lanes are open.  At this point, I had enough, got up and left and proceeded to range 702, where I started shooting within 5 minutes of arrival.   Do yourself a favor, skip this place, unprofessional and a waste of time with a horrible set up
5, Being huge fans of Unibroue (and the fact that they don't give tours at the brewery), it was essential for us to check out Fourquet Fourchette... and that we have... TWICE!  A great place for beer geeks!  They have their entire line-up of current beers to choose from and an excellent little store that you can purchase bombers and interesting things like Trois Pistoles Mustard, Blance De Chambly Orange Marmalade, and Trois Pistoles Blackberry Jam (we purchased all three of these and they are all delicious)!  We hit the restaurant at a weird time (around 4pm) on this trip and they had a limited menu.  We did a meat and cheese plate to go along with a Sampler (3 ounces of Blanche De Chambly, Ephemere [Seasonal], Blonde De Chambly, Noire De Chambly, La Fin Du Monde, and Trois Pistoles) and Seigneuriale for me and an Ephemere Cerise (Cherry) for my wife.  A minor setback was that four of the six beers in my sampler came out of the bottle instead of the tap, so only two of them had that super-fresh taste, but it was still good nonetheless.  I would recommend finding out what is on draft and sticking with those, though, because those beers will rank among the best beers you will ever have in your life.  Restaurant atmosphere was beautiful.  When we went during the summer, it felt like a lovely cottage house on the lake.  When it was cold in October, it felt like a rustic ski lodge just getting ready for the snow.  Service was very courteous.  We practiced our French this time (as there were some language barriers on the first visit) but both of our servers spoke excellent English.  Definitely recommended to swing through on your way up to Montreal.  Even if you're heading to Quebec City, it's not difficult to get to, just a long trip after you leave.  If you're heading back to the US, just remember that you'll be dealing with the border about a half-hour after leaving and that might not work out too well.  Please note that we were able to purchase Unibroue shirts on our first trip through but we heard a rumor that no more clothes were being produced.  I hope they change their mind on that one!  Also, be sure to check their hours before making the drive as they have limited hours during Chambly's slower months.
5, I never expected to say that I love a vet. I love everyone I interacted with thus far at Gateway! I have two dogs - one loves everyone (so this was easy for him) and the other is ... a little more hesitant. When I came in, the lobby seemed pretty busy (they were getting low on seating, but not out) and I took a number. I was seen less than 30 minutes later, and never felt like my wait was too long.  When I was taken back, there are tables set up, where the vets and vet techs come talk with you and help your pet. You're not in a separate room (like my old vet). This isn't necessarily a bad thing. I think for one of my dogs it was better because while he got blood drawn and a vaccine, he was too distracted to care - there was (what looked like a) lab/pit mix across the room who may have at one point looked at him! How interesting! and that golden over there! What's that smell behind me?  Everyone that works there is friendly, and they work quickly. Since they work rather quickly, don't expect to sit down and have a long conversation. They get to the point, and then send you on your way because there are twenty more dogs to be seen. I never felt rushed though.  If you own pets, you know that they can be expensive. Even small expenses add up quickly. I ended up at Gateway because I priced out my annual vet trip at my old vet and cringed. A lot. I called around and checked out a few other places. I felt like Goldilocks. One vet was a little cheaper, but the staff seemed to hate their jobs and maybe me. Another vet was more expensive but seemed nice. Gateway? Gateway was just right. Gateway didn't offer me any discount, yet I felt like I got two for the price of one (I paid what I would have for just one dog at my old place). My dogs got their vaccines for the next year plus(heartworm and rabies), as well as kennel cough, and one of my dogs got microchipped. Previously I was told that the kennel cough vaccine is given every other year as a shot, and every other nasal - but Gateway had oral. That was so much easier on both of my dogs! One of my dogs is a pug, so the nasal was unpleasant for him and I (on the plus side, last year I got the vaccine as well - since he sprayed it all over me).   Both of my dogs seemed well cared for while I was there, and got plenty of love. The microchipped dog seemed neutral (and wouldn't take any treats from the vet tech after she took him to get microchipped), but he pug LOVED it. I practically had to drag him out of there. Being so incredibly busy, you'd expect Gateway to be a circus, but it was run pretty smoothly. I hope I won't be back until next year, but I know that regardless they'll take excellent care of us.
1, Actually my name is Aaron Sloan. My ex-wife was Erin S. Just clarifying so they know exactly who posted this. I have spent over 1000 dollars and still not finished from 6+k in damages from the estimate on my car that I left there on a Wednesday afternoon and Geico estimated 15 days to repair it and then was told it was done the next Tues.morning. Corners cut? Anyone with half of a brain would agree. I asked where's my new rim damaged in the accident? Oh sorry here is another Geico adjuster present standing next to my car. Owner says my adjuster Tom Fletcher is an asshole and that the guy present standing next to my car was fair and he said he would get me a rim. And the owner also promised the rim regardless and when I asked how much more to do some touch up paint work he said FREE! Long as I would bring my business to them, from now on.       He surely noticed that my inspection was up soon as he promised me BOTH! Then I NEVER heard another word from them again since Dec.2016. And still have not been able to afford to fix all of the damage done in the accident that they overlooked due to quick in and out. I had to buy a new battery 3 days later when my car wouldn't start. Whatever mechanic worked on my car forgot to plug in the power cord to my new radiator cooling fan and my car overheated and had to spend money to get a diagnosis why it was overheating and was a simple wire not plugged in. So also proof it was never even tested to see if the new fan worked . This was a front end collision and then I had and still have a loud clicking sound coming from my front wheel where the rim wasn't replaced.  When I took it elsewhere for inspection soon after due to no reply from multiple messages left for the owner gone without a reply? Rather than bother with them after speaking with an ex-employee, I realized I was screwed.  So then I had a broken tie rod not noticed or added to my estimate and anyone knows you need an alignment when you replace a tie rod so another 300 bucks total.      But still have the clicking noise or loud tapping and my friend said it's either The CV joint or a bent control arm. But couldn't tell without it on a lift . So now will end up spending a fortune to finally get my car back to perfect operating condition like it was before one of their tow truck drivers just happened to be standing there in downtown Pittsburgh during rush hour with a walkie.  Waiting to prey on me. But I still haven't gotten to the most corrupt part.  Geico paid them from my estimate to recharge my A.C. since it was obvious that it was routine when my radiator, cooling fan, and coolant tank were all destroyed. But guess what happened when I went to actually USE my A.C. a couple months later once winter broke? Hot air. So I took it to Ryan's Auto/Goodyear in Moon. Twp., and explained everything to them. They said well I can't imagine they would have not recharged your system with refrigerant.  So I paid for a diagnosis and dye ran thru the system and nice of them to only charge me 75 bucks and guess what? Cold air!!! NO LEAKS! SO THEY NEVER EVEN RECHARGED MY A.C. Crooks! And guess what else ? I AM AN UBER DRIVER FOR 2PLUS YEARS NOW AND UBER HAS THEIR TEST TRACK BLOCKS AWAY FROM THIS SHOP IN HAZELWOOD JUST BEHIND THE RAILROAD TRACKS! I have driven Uber employees there too many times to count and as well as them? I tell ALL of my riders to NEVER take their car here no matter what.
2, Had lunch here the other day and wasn't all that impressed.  FIrst off the parking is very strange you have to park off to the side and walk past an empty boarded up building to get to the front door.  The decor is more rock diner than mexican restaurant, but nice enough.  On a weekday at 12:00 they were completely empty and it's a huge restaurant so that's a little bit of a concern right off the bat.  I had the cheese enchiladas which were ok, not anything special and kinda plain.  The Corn pudding for a side was something you never see and was the best thing on my plate.  The Anaheim Chili stuffed with sweet potato would be better if they removed the skin. It was pretty inedible the way it was served and very messy to scrape the pepper and potato off the skin to eat it.  I will give them props for trying something different, but poor execution at any rate.  The high point was our great server. She was very friendly and really nice. So I think going here for chips and beer on the patio would be cool.
5, This place is absolutely amazing. I was at an art show across the street, starving, late on a Saturday night and I knew I didn't want to deal with the hustle and bustle of old town eateries, I was so glad to stumble upon this amazing hidden jewel.  My boyfriend and I happen to be the only two in the place so our service was of course outstanding. The food was great, we split the crab puffs, which were nothing special but still good. I had the beef fried rice, just the presentation was impressive in itself the so to no surprise the taste was equally well over par. My boyfriend had a chicken curry dish he still raved about days later.  The only thing that might have made our experience less than perfect is that I ordered a pear saketini and the glass came only half full, strange, and the music was less then appealing, if I heard another instrumental version of the song from Titanic one more time during or meal I was going to scream, literally it played four times while we we there, which was only about an hour and a half.  Over all well worth the price we got out of there just under $45 including drinks.
5, Are you ready to be transported? Because that's what will happen when you order this food, transported to a euphoric state of pure deliciousness. So I ordered the dumplings and the hunan two. First things first you can order chow menu instead of rice, which was a hard decision but I went with the chow main. The staff is very friendly and there is a very cute fish tank while you wait, anyways pick up the food and get home. This stuff is amazing. The red bell peppers in here are amazing. They are fresh and lightly sautéed, as well as the broccoli, zucchini, mushrooms and onions. This is a great portion for what you are ordering and the meat is nice big slices. The sauce is this spicy brown concoction with lil Brown beans that are perfectly spicy. The chow mein is seriously amazing and also a great side size portion. These dumplings have to be some of my favorites in the valley and I have tried my fair share. This is incredibly worth it, better than most Chinese take out by far. It isn't your typical take out. Seriously give this place a try.
5, This is the second Mastro's location that I have gone to. I've been to the one in Thousand Oaks, CA a few times and thought I would give this location a try. It is located in the Crystals shopping plaza that is next to the Aria hotel. This place is really nice and you feel a little bit underdressed if you aren't in your Sunday best.   I made reservations ahead of time but the place didn't looked too packed for a Saturday night. We had a nice table an attentive waiter. We got our drinks pretty quickly and the martinis were strong.  There was some live music being heard from the lounge area near the bar area which had a nice touch to it.   I still went with the meat selection even though this was the Ocean Club. My boyfriend and I both had petite which is served on a searing hot plate. The meat continues to cook on the plate and just easily cuts like butter. The steak just melts in your mouth as the seasoning of the meat and light butter from the plate meet in your mouth, I call it Meaty Symphonic Harmony.   We also ordered the sweet potato fries as a side. This is no mere small side dish but a mound of fries is delivered. Each fry is seasoned with an almost tempura like batter on the outside that leaves you craving more and more. I was stuffed after the filet and the fries and the yummy bread basket they bring you (with warm pretzel bread and other goodies).   Dessert is something that just can't be missed and I suggest the sinful delight of the signature Warm Butter Cake and whipped cream. The butter cake is rich and heavy with deliciousness and the whipped cream is no ordinary whipped cream. It almost has the consistency of ice cream as it hits your palate.  This is my treat for the year, it is expensive so be warned but it is also a high class meal. I highly recommend it.
3, Johnny Rockets is a decent choice for a weekend lunch at Pittsburgh Mills. My kids enjoyed the atmosphere and music. For certain songs, the waitresses have a choreographed song/dance and my kids enjoyed that. The kids' meals are generously sized as well and neither of my kids could finish their two cheeseburger sliders that they ordered.   I went with the Streamliner, which is a vegan Boca Burger with regular burger fixings. I am not sure about the bun being vegan. They can substitute a whole wheat bun but this time, I didn't ask whether they were vegan. It tasted fine, the toppings were generous and the veg burger was cooked well. The only thing that I would change next time is that I ask for the bun to be warmed or toasted. It was a barely room temperature and it detracted from my overall enjoyment of the burger.  The service was great. Our server was very attentive and friendly. She was very nice to my kids as well. Overall, a decent and fairly priced lunch. I would definitely return.
5, Did the bang for your buck deal I found on Groupon. Pricey but so worth it! We were in town for the weekend, and called ahead to make a reservation on a Sunday. Very friendly and hassle free process over the phone, and they even offered a ride to and from our hotel. The day of the reservation the driver was a little late, but they called to let us know, which was much appreciated. He only was 10 minutes behind due to traffic on the strip, which is understandable. When we arrived we only had to wait 20-30 minutes. The girl at the counter was super helpful and helped us decide which guns we wanted to try. Surprisingly, the sten ended up being my favorite for the day. Brandon walked us through the entire process, he was a great instructor, and very patient with us newbs. This is a bit embarrassing, but I somehow scratched my delicate hand while handling a gun, I'm usually a big baby, but Brandon was such a gentleman and even gave me a bandaid. Overall this is experience was amazing and to be honest I'd come regularly if I lived nearby. Definitely will come back when ever I'm in Vegas!
1, Extremely bad service: WARNING!!! Do NOT eat here! Even though the service and food here were both below average, the worst has nothing to do with their bad food/service, but business ethics (the thing that keeps businesses from cheating their customers). This restaurant, my dear reader, has violated the key principle of doing business - they are cheaters: They put a couple of sales promotions on yelp to lure you in and spend money, but when it is time to pay, the servers stare at the yelp page i hold in my hand and have the guts to say: "sorry, we can not honor that..." Naturally, I asked: "why not? You put it on your yelp page, so i think you should honor it." This is the restaurant's response: "sorry, but we haven't done that for a while now." "Not for anybody?" "Yeah...not for anybody." Well, that was the end of it. End of conversation. End of trust.  Do you want to help stop this cheating restaurant's dirty practices? If yes, then please find your food elsewhere, in a better place, with way better ethics. Thank you.
5, I feel the need to chime in here because I don't believe N.H. has fairly evaluated their experience here.  I have been going to the Goodyear Donor Center since about 2012.  It started as a Father/son thing and I continued after my son went off to college.    Now, I have had successful donations and I have had unsuccessful donations.  At one point I had to take a 16 week break.  Things happen.  But reality is what it is.  Sometimes it just doesn't work out for one reason or another.  Back in the day if you had a failed attempt in one arm followed immediately by a failed stick in the other, they'd apologize and send you on your way with a bandage on both arms and no donation.  No need to be upset about it.  It happens.  It is simply fortunate that I can donate.  Many can't but I cant see getting upset about it.  For whatever reason it just wasn't time NH.  Whether it was something in the questionaire or who knows.    I have yet, in all the time I have been going there ever felt unwelcomed or unwanted there.  Sorry you prepared so heavily and feel let down.  I can say the staff are all wonderful.  They are like a whole different family and the time spent in the chair is comfortable and safe!  I can honestly say I am defensive of them because I have spent many many hours in the chair.  Ms.Betty at the desk is definitely in her element!  Everyone there is upbeat and no one is ever grouchy!  Vinny is magic with a needle for those of you who worry about that.    Go in some time and check it out.   Get your questions answered and avoid possible hiccups down tbe road.  It is important to everyo e who is dependent on blood and blood products!
3, I was reasonably impressed with AB. We got there just before the lunch rush and scored a prime table near the windows (tho upon leaving, my friend noted how cozy the sofa-bench tables looked, so I'll aim for one of those next time). Our server, Robert, made even the soup of the day (tomato bisque) sound out of this world. Even after the restaurant filled up, he was attentive and made sure we enjoyed our meal.   We shared a handful of oysters with a mild jalapeño sauce. They could have been a bit briny-ier for my taste. And for entrees, we hit opposite ends of the taste spectrum: I had the pork carnitas, which was mild and sweet, with avocado, cole slaw, and a corn 'pancake,' with only a bit of red onion to balance it out. My friend had the jambalaya, which looked deliciously comforting, but she reported the chicken was dry and overcooked and the shrimp was underseasoned. The bite I tasted was too hot (spice-wise, not temp) for me.   The decor was comforting in a British pub style. I wish the menu had been more unique (burgers, BLT, variety of salads), esp for a place with the wird "arrogant" staring at you.   I do plan on returning for dinner, to see what catches my eye.
4, Tempe Farmer's Market is rad.  Their selection has grown immensely since today and when it had first opened.  It's not a one-stop, get all your groceries for the week kind of place, but it works marvelously as a neighborhood market with a few necessities and a great variety of delicious fruits, vegetables, olives, pasta and frozen meat.  Goddamn am I glad this place opened.  Prior to this, my closest convenient neighborhood market was Rollin's Market with its rotting bell peppers and frozen Banquet dinners.  There's always Fry's or Safeway, but I like hitting up a small little market on the corner of my neighborhood and build a rapport with the employees and owners as part of establishing a community.  The dude who runs the place will sometimes thrown in a tomato or apple or lime in with your bag of groceries.  Hey, free apple.    Not everything they have is permanent.  Sometimes something new will be there, and the next week it will be gone, but in a way, I like that about it.  You go in there, and they have these Indian pickles made from wild cucumbers.  Next week, in its place, will be garlic pickles or something else awesome.  For what the place is, it's marvelous.  It's a little place and about as un-ghetto as it gets.  It's nice having a little market where you can pop in and buy polish sausage from a local farmer, organic soup, goat cheese with kalamata olives but you can also get your regular ass Skippy peanut butter and Campbell's soup.
5, How have I never reviewed Caramba's?!?!? I've been eating at this place for at least the past 13 years. It's a family favorite and you might say it's been a little bit more than a staple of my diet for nearly as long.  My two most favorite meals from Caramba's are the bean and cheese burrito (fresh tortillas and the perfect mix of cheese to beans) and the chicken quesadilla. Oh, how I miss my chicken quesadillas since I went vegetarian. Delicious grilled chicken, cheese, tomatoes, onions, jalapenos, sour cream, and then add some of their amazing mild salsa, and you'll seriously be in heaven.  My dad is a huge fan of their machaca burrito, and he's pretty picky when it comes to machaca. So I'd have to trust him and believe that it's pretty darn good.  They also have a decent beer selection (Mexican beer of course), with margaritas available too. Free bowl of warm chips and freshly made salsa with every meal, lunch or dinner for under $10 and at least two locations (Bell Rd. and Glendale Rd.).
1, Initial experience left a HORRID TASTE IN MY MOUTH and I never even tried the food!!!!!  Just had an -interesting- conversation with the girl who answers the phone, Amanda.  WOW. After being asking what I was calling for (catering an event, duh!) I told her what I needed, I was put on hold, phone was answered again by Amanda who acted like she hadn't just talked to me 6 seconds before and asked the same question again.   Her absolutely lack of professionalism quickly wore down my patience. I felt like I was dealing with a 15 year old!!  In the middle of asking me what our date was for our wedding, venue, etc., she blurts out "Oh, you know there is a 5k minimum for December. You know that, right?"  I was baffled by the way she said this, as well as there was no surrounding explanation or context... When I asked "Why?" She laughed at me and then said "Well, thats just our policy." Okay, that's fine. There are much, MUCH better ways of presenting this to a prospective client. Also, you probably shouldn't say it to someone when you don't know what their budget is or how much they are willing to pay. Moreover, the condescending, rude tone in which you say things like that have a lasting effect.   They don't know that they are on the preferred vendor's list at my venue, they don't know specific rules or things that the venue already provides and this girl seems to have no grasp of how to get details from someone without asking the most idiotic questions. If someone keeps saying "We just require a plated dinner, no other services from you." You don't need to keep asking things like "what about cake, what about a bartender, what about hors D'oeuvres?" "NO! Just a plated dinner."   Total incompetence, lack of professionalism, rude, and absolutely not a business who I would recommend working with after this brief and exhausting exchange.   I wanted to book a simple consultation to try to talk to a coherent adult about food, do a tasting, and then sign a contract --TO GIVE YOU MONEY--!   To the owner of this business:  (Before I completely wrote you off as my potential caterer) I requested that when I got my call back, I would like to deal directly with the owner, Jennifer.  Amanda rudely asked "Why?!?" I told her that I would like to deal with someone who knows the venue that I am booked at, (considering you are a preferred vendor there).  I would strongly suggest getting someone else who knows how to deal with customers, has a better "table-side manner", and knowledge of halfway decent customer service.  I have had much more pleasant experiences with call center employees.
1, After hearing about people rave about this place I decided to try it out for myself he other day. Went online and saw the menu, saw the "famous Sonoran dogs" and immediately wanted that to try. Saw that they had an option to order and pay online to avoid the line and pick up quickly. Heck yeah I'll take it! Ordering through a phone call or going in would be better. Put my order and a couple co workers order in online and paid. 25 bucks gone. Another co worker left to get the food and went to the counter to pick up order. Luckily he made it just as it started filling up with people. The employee at the counter didn't have any idea what he was talking about when he said he was there for an online order pickup. Luckily I printed out my "invoice" as they call it and sent it with him. Had it not been for him having that paper they wouldn't have taken the order. I get it, sometimes technology doesn't work right and you get missed. They realized and said sorry and made the order quickly. Now for the food.. we were all excited to try this place as it was new for us all. Every single item we ordered was made incorrectly. Whether it was missing an item that was checked off on the invoice and paid for or just the wrong ingredient. There was absolutely no flavor in any of the food. It was literally bland from the tacos, to the burritos, even the "salsa" was bad. If you don't have taste buds then this place might be good for you. I on the other hand don't wanna do it again.
3, Notes: 1 visit, late lunch. Overall: Food had some good points, but I wasn't overwhelmed.  West Covina, CA location is better if you're in the area.  Hainan chicken - chicken was soft, but they left out the best part - the chicken juice.  I love it when they pour that stuff all over the rice.  (I say juice so it sounds healthier than say, 'oily chicken essence.'  Also, if you want really good Hainan chicken rice and you happen to be in Alhambra, CA, go here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/savoy-kitchen-alhambra#hrid:8nuOzJJQDsKa9NK-WhJsbQ/src:search/query:hainan%20chicken)    Some sort of egg tofu - pretty good, but really heavy.  Don't order it unless you're hungry or you really know how to scarf protein.    Roti canai - Must try for Malaysian cuisine it seems.  Crepe/pancake style bread that you dip in curry.  The curry was good, don't remember what kind it was.  I don't think it was served hot enough, though.  It got cold too quickly.  My mom said the bread wasn't as good as their location West Covina.    Chicken satay - Really light appetizer.   They give you really small, thin strips of chicken.  Don't expect this to be in any way filling (unless you decide to pour the peanut sauce all over your rice, and you just might be because that sauce is so sweet and delicious.  Almost sweet enough to be a dessert.)
3, I really want to give Sullivan's 4 stars but in comparing this experience to a recent visit to Longhorn, I just can't bring myself to do it.  Went here with a group from work for an "appreciation dinner"  Normally, Appreciation dinners end up at Chili's or Ruby Tuesday so I was completely shocked we ended up here.  Everything was great service wise.  Foodwise, it was good but I'd expect that from a place like this.  I ordered one of their Mixup lunches which gives you a salad option, a protein and a side.  I ordered the mixed green salad, the porcini mushroom and pepper encrusted strip and an order of carmelized cauliflower as a side.  The strip was amazing.  It came sliced over a layer of steak sauce.  It was cooked perfectly.  The salad was ok....mixed greens with tomatoes, blue cheese and a dressing that I still do not recognize.  The cauliflower came in a mound.  Honestly, this had to be 1/2 to 2/3 of the head of cauliflower.  It was seasoned with capers and other herbs.  While the taste was good, the quantity was entirely too much and I could only eat half.  The decor of the place is as you would expect with a lot of medium to dark wood but it just didn't do anything for me.  Same with the service. While they were all friendly, our water just didn't go beyond what he was expect to do.     Sorry, Sullivans but I can get better service at Longhorn and frankly I think their food is better also.   But still this is a solid or 3 1/2 star review.
5, I've been to the Fashion Show and Town Square locations, but I'll just review my most recent experience at this location, which I like just as much as the others.  I set an appointment online with no problem. Arrived about 15-20 minutes early, but I was greeted right away and asked to check in with another representative. Cool beans.  Noticed they were slightly behind, but I'm not in a rush, plus going in I had expectations of them being busy. It's Apple.  Gah... I wish I could remember my tech's name 'cause she was just as nice and courteous - just remember it starting with a D. She let me fully explain my iPhone problem, then she walked me through diagnosing with their speakers. She literally could tell that the difference I had with it compared to hers. Before trying to replace my phone, she wanted to know if I had any questions for her and I brought up how I bought the device from my cell provider. Not wanting to cause any problems with them, she wrote me a notice to bring to them just in case they wanted proof that the device needed to be replaced. All courteous and thoughtful.  Other than my experience, I can commend them on trying to accommodate/help a mom and her 2 kids. The little brother overheard the patron say she had the wrong appointment time, but she had been waiting for awhile and had other appointments elsewhere. Before they could get to me, they helped her out first. Her tech was nice, trying to be personable with her and the kids while diagnosing the problem. Took him about 10-15 minutes to help her out, hopeful that she'd make it to their other engagements on time, and thankful for her patience.
5, This town needs an enema!!  Well, here it is ya jerk!! Artistic Armory combines everything you like about an underground music club with elements of an actual, organic independent art scene. It is the opposite of First Friday, a refreshing alternative to seeing bands in filthy bars, and the antithesis of hanging out at the mall.  I used the bathroom... once...  The bar tenders are great!! There's a tall dude with strong hands and a pretty girl who likes to talk about different ways to cook chicken (women love chicken).  Check out their Facebook page for a listing of upcoming events. The website is maintained by some dude named Gus (I guess he is an employee and/or web designer), and contains about as much useful information as one of those hooker trading cards you get on the strip.   The Artistic Armory a roof, which is great and really compliments the floor, which I once cleaned up baby carrots off of.   My only complaint is that some drunk with tattoos and a beard kept banging into me and spilling my drink. I attempted to complain to management, but a tattooed guy with a beard said that my vague description was not going to help him narrow down the assailant.   Overall, your experience will be based on what you make of your time at The Artistic Armory. Just don't talk to anyone in a black t-shit with a band name printed on it and you should be fine.   Mention this Yelp! post for free admission to the next show!!
1, This review is not for the food or dining, it's only for the reservation & host/management experience.  In short, making a reservation means nothing!  I reserved a table for 4 on Saturday night at 7:15pm to welcome my colleagues to a nice meal while staying at the M Resort & Casino.  It was crowded when we arrived, and the host snapped at us saying it would be another 30 minutes for our reservation. I asked if we could go to the bar while we wait, and she said there was no room there either.  So we went to a Casino bar & came back 30 minutes later, and the manager told us it'd be at least another 30 minutes.  They weren't at all polite, they acted like we were being a pain for coming back. SERIOUSLY?!  So I asked them to take my number down & call me when the table was ready, and she begrudgingly did.  Well, they NEVER called me to say our table was ready.... good thing we snagged one at the Burger & Brews place next door.   Clearly, Anthony's doesn't know how to manage their reservations.... obviously an OpenTable reservation doesn't guarantee you a table.  We were super let down because the menu looks great, but I can't comment on that.
4, We came here at a recommendation of a friend, upon walking in, it is quit the full house for dinner on a Saturday night, so we were seated at the bar. There is not a formal coat check (it's self-hang), and you can put your coat in the front.   FOOD: We got the takoyaki, karaage, chicken skin, unagi rice soup, and green tea cream cheese cake. Imadake definitely has fast service once the ball gets rolling as they have to meet the demand of so many people getting sake bombs and what not. I settled with a Tokyotini, which was very strong. Thanks for not holding back! The food overall was on par. Hot and straight from the kitchen. I think my favorite was the chicken skin and karaage. Well seasoned and warm, so nothing to complain about. The cake was more cream cheese than green tea though.   SERVICE: A bit slow at first, but it did pick up. There were several birthdays going on at Imadake, so that would slow down service a bit. Overall courteous and efficient!   Recommendation: Make a reservation, if you do not want to sit at the bar!
3, In the past I would have rated this restaurant 5 stars. We used to order from this place weekly. Lately, however, I have been disappointed in this place.   The food is always five stars, that's in the event you are actually able to eat there. My wife and I enjoy eating at this place but realize that it is small, and often busy. Another option is take-out which we often opt for, because we live close, and can still enjoy the food at home. That hasn't been an option the last two attempts that I have made to order take-out because the line was busy. The first time it happened, I had to go to the restaurant, order the food, and wait 45 minutes to get the food.  I tried again on Friday to order food, and again the line was busy. After many call attempts, my wife and I decided to see if we could get a table. When I got there I was told that there was a 35 minute wait for a table. I went into the bar to see if there were any tables available. There was one available, however a woman who was waiting for a table in the main dining room was occupying it. We decided to eat elsewhere.   If there aren't ever any tables available, and I can't get through to order take-out, I can't see any reason to attempt to order from here again.
1, After writing my previous review, I was contacted by a Midas rep who offered to submit my complaint to head office. I appreciated someone listening and trying to help, so I agreed. I later received a call from the manager at the Midas Ringwell location around June 6 or 7. He didn't know why he was calling and it seems that he was just told to call me without any details. I explained the situation, and he told me that parts rust and that's how cars work. I asked if it's normal for parts to rust and seize after 5 months of use, and he didn't have anything to say. He then said that I could have brought the car back to them so they could "fix" it (actually do the work this time), but I told him the work had already been done by my regular mechanic. He said it was too bad, because they have no way to compensate me. I explained that this was fine and I'll just continue to tell everyone I meet what thieves they are. He offered to have the regional manager call me, but it would take a couple of days because they are busy. I said this was fine, but it's been a week and a half and I still haven't heard from them. It's interesting to note that he never denied anything I was complaining about.
4, I like to think that fast food and barbeque are two separate things that should never be mixed; the idea of getting a decent barbeque sandwich through a drive through window seems like an impossibility to me.  However, when the bartender at the awesome strip mall wine bar told me about this place you could get buggalo of food for less than a five spot, I was sold.    Cook Out is an anomaly among fast food places in that its menu has everything you could ever want, or at least everything I could ever want (sans corn nuggets).  Cook Out offers the boring old hamburger thing but don't let that distract you- opt for the BBQ.  For less than $5, you get your own picnic.    My plate had a hockey puck sized portion of pulled pork, a couple fingers of hush puppies, fries, and slaw. The chronic pulled pork was super moist considering it was 1 AM, and came topped with Texas Pete's.  Although it was delicious, isn't Carolina BBQ supposed to be heavy on the sauce?  The hush puppies were okay (more breading than bread), and the fries forgettable.  When it comes to cole slaw, I am a snob but Cook Out's slaw was surprisingly good; it was house made and very dry, but I mean that in a good way.   It's also worth mentioning that you can get a corn dog as a side.  I don't know why, but as a Southern gentleman, I agree with and salute that.    How Cook Out really let me get my jollies was the drink menu.  Cheerwine- my god, if I ever make a lot of money I'm putting a fountain of that crack drank in my house.  If you're from out of town, drink up because that stuff can only be found in North Carolina.  They also have about 40 different kinds of milkshakes available, including seasonal ones.  The winter shake is eggnog but apparently they only have that one in December.  The fact that they have a watermelon shake in the summer blows my mind.  Be warned though, the shakes are thick like a Petey Pablo video girl- you'll need a spoon, or at least a boba tea straw.    As I said, the idea of a fast food BBQ joint just doesn't do it for me, but Cook Out pulls together the concept beautifully.  It's like if Jesus and Allah got along and then made a baby.  A beautiful mixed baby named Cook Out.
1, I purchased a Samsung fridge from Lowe's in 2014. A few months ago, I began having an issue with the ice maker. The ice smelled bad and tasted worse. The water still tastes amazing and is odorless. I replaced the filter and thoroughly cleaned the fridge, emptied and cleaned the ice bin several times to no avail. Chemical type smell, similar to freezer burn, but different. Emptied the entire fridge (as that is where the ice maker is located), nothing helped. Looking at Google, I discovered this is a common problem. I contacted Lowe's as I have a 5 year warranty, and they sent Buy-Rite.  Tech showed up and used his laser thermometer in the fridge, drink drawer, and freezer. I explained that the issue was the way the ice was tasting/smelling, and not with the temperature. And also that it was a common problem reported online in reviews, etc. The tech told me there was no solution, but that he noticed dog hair under my fridge.   I took 5 hours off work to wait for the tech to come for 5 minutes and tell me there was no solution. Very dissatisfied.
5, I met up with some friends here for some habachi and drinks. Let me start by saying that one usually doesn't associate Rock Hill will good Japanese food so I was initially skeptical but I'd figure I'd trust my friends and give it a try. Well I was happily surprised.  First of all the restaurant was very clean (which is VERY important for me) and we were greated warmly.  So we decided to have some drinks at the bar while we waited for the rest of our party to arrive. I ordered a martini to start which was strong yet smooth followed by a shrimp tempura roll. The roll very pretty big and the shrimps tasted fresh. I especially like that it wasn't like most sushi rolls around here that are 90% rice and litte else. Once we were seated I ordered the steak and scallop hibachi.  This was my favorite by far! The steak was perfectly cooked and the scallops were especially tasty.  The best part was the portions were really good for the price and quality of the food. I had more than enough for lunch the next day!  It's definitely worth the drive and I'll totally keep going back.
5, Love, love, love, love this place!  The first time I went here was with a friend visiting from out of town.  Our server, Frank, was so fantastic we ended up staying for nearly there hours eating, drinking and goofing off.  The other staff are fun as well but, if you can, ask for Frank!  The atmosphere was busy but not frantic.  The decor was fun and playful, making you feel very comfortable.  The guacamole was outstanding (we ate the entire thing) along with their tortilla soup and salsa verde.  The shrimp enchiladas were enjoyed on my second visit, those too were phenomenal.  Their food has a balance of spice and flavor without being overly salty.  Their tequila selection is killer.  If you enjoy good tequila this is your spot, they have just about everything you want and a few you may not have heard of yet.    You have to be sure to get a picture on the swing next to the bar.  It's a fun photo op and a great way to remember the place.  La Comida makes a great first date spot, especially if you want to see how your date holds their alcohol.  It's also fun with a group of people, their bench seating easily accommodates large parties.  If you like Mexican food, a relaxed environment, and great tequila - I dare you to try this place.  You won't be sorry!
2, I understand that is billed as a "boutique hotel" so I expected some level of quaintness. What I wasn't prepared for was run down and dirty. First of all, it's very easy to miss this place, we drove by it twice as it's wedged in between two other businesses and there is not a single hotel person (i.e. valet) waiting outside. We ended up having to call the front desk and ask where we were supposed to park the car to unload our bags. She seemed confused by this request and after a few minutes she told us just to leave the car in the service entrance behind the hotel. Weird! What hotel doesn't have some sort of established valet system for their guests arriving in cars.   Check in was fine and the staff was nice but I knew as I walked in this wasn't going to work out. The lobby was super small. It was cramped with four people waiting at the front desk. We were told we had been upgraded to a junior suite, so I was hopeful the room at least would be nice. The elevator was dark and dingy and barely fit two people with luggage.   As soon as we got to the room, the few hopes I had left were dashed. The room size was nice but it was just....dingy. The bed was lumpy, everything from the curtains to the dust ruffle were wrinkled and stained. The linoleum was cracked, the burner carpet looked like it had been there for roughly a hundred years. Needless to stay, we checked out immediately and headed to the W Hotel. I would highly recommend staying somewhere else unless this is your only option.
4, Yes, hot tip you have to ask for the full menu. Second hot tip, learn to say "hello" in Mandarin (pronounced nee-how) and likely you won't HAVE to ask for the full menu.   We've dined here several times, and on Sunday, not surprisingly, we were the only non-Asian customers in the place. The chef was in rare form, and as I sit here having my third round of leftovers for lunch I'm still loving my dish. I opted for the Vinegar Fish, it's pretty simple -- whitefish, wood ear mushrooms and water chestnuts prepared with a dose of spice and rice wine vinegar. I'm guessing by the waitress' excitement when I ordered, that it's a dish they're pretty proud of. It was fabulous.  Hubby ordered the Beef and Onions, which I would classify as good, but not mind-blowing. We also partook of the Gai-choy which was cooked perfectly -- just the right amount of garlic and tenderness.   In the past I've really loved their Mapo Doufu (tofu), theirs is one of the best I've had anywhere. Next time I'm planning on having the Water-Boiled Eel. I heart eel, mmm.  Service is pretty barebones, so don't expect to be sucked-up to. It's perfunctory and efficient, the food comes up fast and they leave you alone. I can't complain about that one bit.
5, I love HIllcrest Dental! I will admit I haven't always treated my teeth well, and this has caused me to have a dentist phobia and thus made my teeth worse. Before I went here a few months ago, I didn't have a cleaning for close to 5 years! The hygienist was very gentle and took very long cleaning my teeth. I was surprised I didn't need a deep cleaning after so many years! She did mention my gums were receding a little, ( which I can clearly see) She told me to take a certain amount of vitamin C a day. Doesn't sound like a place that up sells to me. In the last month I have gone weekly, instead of silver fillings I now have beautiful white fillings that were very nicely done. Next up for me is a dental implant and invisalign in a few weeks when I save up enough :) take it from someone who hates her teeth and now is learning there is a way to be happy about her smile; this is the place to go! I feel like this place is one step ahead, tells me exactly what my options are, and now I feel completely comfortable going to the dentist after 25 years! Lastly, if the quality of their work wasn't enough, the people that work here are so friendly. You walk in here and feel like you are going to visit your family. No more snooty front desk girls or dentist that are rushing you out!
3, This place has been around for a long time (at least 30 years).  Apparently it used to be quite a popular hang out for certain circles back in the day, and many locals still regularly visit.  The location is in a small nondescript building on the corner.  You can enter through the front door or through the back door from the parking lot and walk through the kitchen (somewhat odd, but ok..).  The dining area is a small wood panel lined room with only a single tiny half window.  You are definitely not here to enjoy the atmosphere.  The menu choice is a bit limited. I tried the egg flower soup (yummy), pork fried rice (good), mongolian beef (not bad), and shrimp chop suey (not bad).  It was basic fast food chinese fare, good but not great.  Also soft drinks only come in cans. The food certainly did not impress, nor did anything else really.  On my own, I probably would not return here, however, my friend is one of those locals I referred to above so I'm sure I will be back.  The owners are very friendly as well.
5, I had wanted to try this tailor for some time and recently walked in with expensive jeans I needed hemmed.  I had read somewhere that the original hem could (or should) be retained so as not to spoil the "look".  When I mentioned this to the proprietor, he told me they could absolutely do this, but assured me they could reproduce the original hem for substantially less money.  They were able to do the work immediately, and the results were great.  The length was perfect and the new hem indistinguishable from the original.    While I was waiting the five minutes for the job to be completed, another customer dropped in and had major alterations performed on a new suit - the results were impressive.    The location is spacious and there is comfortable seating.  The price for my alteration was less than any other place I've frequented.     On an earlier occasion, a friend and I took a well-worn leather jacket in for a repair estimate.  The tailor, who is obviously extremely talented, polite and personable, was honest about what could be accomplished and what the repairs would cost.  While we didn't use their services then (we threw the jacket out), I really appreciate a business that values honesty over a cash grab.  These guys are great.
4, Being in Vegas for nearly 1 week, I was craving for something hot, spicy, and flavorful.  While there are numerous "famous-chef" restaurants and buffets galore on the strip, sometimes you just need a break from mass produced hotel food.    Penang Malaysian Cuisine fit the bill perfectly.  Located on Spring Mountain Road on the second floor of a mini mall, Penang is a medium sized, modest looking restaurant on the outskirts of Las Vegas' Chinatown area.     The first thing that struck me when we arrived was how empty the restaurant was...where were the people?  Only 1 table was filled, but from the way they were eating, it looked like they were enjoying the food.    The menu is extensive and offers a large variety of appetizers, rice dishes, noodle dishes, curries, seafood, beef, pork, chicken, and vegetables.  I loved that in addition to the list of menu items, there are pictures for every dish!  This helped a lot since my husband and I are not all that familiar with Malaysian cuisine.     We ordered the roti canai, a stir fry vegetable dish with shrimp paste (similar to chinese spinach, ong choy), a spicy curry chicken, and a rice noodle stir fry.  All of the dishes were delicious.   The roti was light, flaky, and hot.  The accompanying curry dipping sauce was the perfect vehicle for sopping up the yummy sauce.  So flavorful and spicy.  The vegetable stir fry and noodle dishes were also tasty.  The star of the show, however was the curry chicken.  OMG!  I wish I had a second stomach to eat more of that dish.  The curry was spicy and dripping with flavor.  Just thinking of it is making my tummy grumble and mouth water...  The service was friendly and attentive.  They kept filling our water and wanted to make sure we were happy with our food.  The prices were reasonable and portions just right.    Overall we were extremely happy with our meal and will definitely be returning!
4, Loved the Bakery.. Finally decided to try the Daddy shop - Bouchon (The Restaurant):  10th Floor, Venezia Tower.. Walked in here for Brunch. The place had a Classy Decor, Very Professional Staff and Clientele were mostly Upper Class looking individuals.   Starters:  Bread with butter, jam and ketchup?!: Bread was shaped like a branch with leaves.. something like that. It was hard but the inside was soft and tasted fresh. The butter was kinda hard too, the jam was pretty good and the ketchup I guess was for the fries to come? Who eats bread with ketchup?  Cheese Danish - Looked like a croissant shaped like a muffin, with a dab of some cream cheese butter on top. This was So Flaky/Soft and the cream cheese butter lightly spread throughout was perfectly balanced.. This wasn't your ordinary cheese danish (pre-packaged grocery store bought), this thing was Superb!  Croque Madame: Toasted ham & cheese on brioche with a fried egg & mornay sauce. Served with pommes frites.. Sounded quite fancy for a breakfast dish - In Layman's Terms = Ham & Cheese Sandwich with Egg and Fries! Toast tasted like a really buttered croissant with an airy texture. Ham & Cheese wasn't the oscar mayer ham nor Kraft cheese I use for h&c sandwiches back at home, it was much more gourmealicous! Plus, with the fried egg, more like a sunny side up egg and their white creamy/frothy sauce, makes an Incredible Sandwich! Fries were served as a generous amount and were plain good.   Corned Beef Hash with eggs and toast: Corned Beef hash came in shallow bowl with a blanket of overeasy eggs practically covering the hash. I scooted over the eggs to try just the flavor of the corned beef. They were little cubed chunks sitting on top of some pretty tasty juice/sauce. The cubes tasted and had the texture of ham. The juice/sauce gave it a great beef flavor but not the usual Real and typical corned beef I'm used to having. Nevertheless, it was Good. The toast were thick and had a buttery flavor and reminded me of a Crouton. Like a Toast Bread Shaped Crouton?!..  Fancy  Place, Great Service, Delectable Food But Came with a price.. $83.00 for 2 including 11.00 Tip.. Oh, it did include 2 Mimosa's! Cheers!!
2, Ever since Tsujiri opened up, feels like a lot of copy cats are opening their own, or had the idea to bring over a brand from Japan. To me, it's ok. As long as you do a good job I don't mind buying from a copy cat. Saryo is a 2 in 1 shop with ramen (Konjiki) and the Saryo café. This review is for Saryo.  I'm a matcha fiend and have to politely disagree with all the other reviewers praising Saryo's matcha. It really doesn't compare with Tsujiri. Tsujiri has a much longer history of doing matcha and Saryo's matcha is simply not the same grade. High quality matcha is supposed to have a subtle sweetness in addition to a slight bitter taste. Too bitter does not mean it's better. Saryo's matcha soft serve is simply not as pronounced and lacks that subtle sweetness I would expect. The texture is also a bit more runny than I would like.   Also, their selection is much smaller than Tsujiri and most of the pastry items are a notch worse than Tsujiri.   Customer service wise, I can't get over one of their servers. It's a guy named Taiki I think. Horrible service. If you want good matcha drinks and desserts, definitely go to Tsujiri instead. Prices are about the same but you get less quality at Saryo. I might try their houjicha as that seems to get a lot of praise.
1, I wasn't aware that it's a state law in PA for phlebotomists to only be allowed to try taking blood three times at one time. Whoever the woman was that I was assigned to could not find a vein to get blood. This was important for medical reasons to get done and she was very unprofessional and rude. I recently moved to PA from Ohio, so I didn't know a phlebotomist here can only try three times. I kindly said to her 'can I ask why you can only try three times?' And she gave me a nasty uncaring look and replied quickly 'because I'm not a doctor'. After I left, all I could think was no shit you aren't a doctor, it's not a doctor's job to take blood, it's your job( a phlebotomists' job). I thought it was very unprofessional. I've never dealt with someone in the medical field that didn't truely care or have passion for helping me, especially if I ask a question. I don't remember her name, and if I did I wouldn't put her name out there. I just wish people would stop and remember the reason why they chose that field. Yes, money is great for most of the opportunities, but you really have to care and want to make a difference in order to be successful in the medical field. Even if someone asks a stupid common sense question, just remember there is a reason they are choosing you to ask. If someone asks me anything, I feel honored because they care about my opinion and what it is I have to say. Just saying, sorry for rambling!
4, My normal lunch routine has consisted of cheap, fast food contraptions and bowls of Progresso soup. So, a change in food was very much needed. My co-workers mentioned this restaurant a while ago. Today, I decided to feed my culinary curiosity and order lunch for my co-worker (aka my lunch homie) and I. Harry's Grill and Tavern, here we come! Here are some of the items that we ordered :  Mapleleaf Farms Duck Wings w/Bourbon BBQ sauce and Jicama Slaw  1) Initially, the chicken looked a little parched. Last night's chicken? Ummm, I hope not. However, the taste was decent. Portion size was good.   2) The Jicama slaw was an excellent take on slaw. Traditional slaw (cabbage) can sometimes become very boring. However, the Jicama put a nice spin on it. The lunch homie, though, with her traditionalist, non-risk taking tongue, let the slaw fall gently from her mouth. You can't please every palate.    Small Mixed Green Salad with Raspberry Vinaigrette and Mac - N - Cheese - Lunch Combo  1) Harry's Mac - N - Cheese was the greatest joy that I experienced during this meal! The consistency and texture was great...not too dry and not loose...just creamy goodness in my belly! The levels of cheesiness was outstanding. And the light sprinkling of panko crumbs provided that last bit of contrast and crunch. The Comfort Food gods have bestowed their blessings on this particular dish.  2) Bought the Small Mixed Green salad to eat for dinner. The portion size definitely small, but it's packed with some good stuff. Can't wait to get my greedy hands on it later this evening!   Harry Old Fashioned Burger with a side of Sweet Potato Fries  1) My lunch homie ordered a Harry's Old Fashion Burger with a side order of sweet potato fries. I snagged a few and they were good. I've ordered sweet potato fries at other establishments and I've always needed additional condiments (i.e. Honey Mustard sauce)  to add some taste. However, we both agreed that these fries were great by themselves. The slight sweetness of vanilla gave the side item a little more depth, while the salt reminds you that it's still a fry.  She was less enthusiastic about her burger, though. I believed she said that she had better times with a BK Whopper. Hey, I'm not a burger connoisseur,  so who am I to judge? The presentation of the burger was well put together. Wasn't sloppy or unappealing. Just your typical pub burger waiting to be consumed.  All items were moderately priced. My tab totaled to 31.12. Our lunch take out order was timely ( ready in 15 minutes) and accurate. Great location and if you're a non-parallel parker such as myself, they have easy access to the restaurant from the parking garage.  I will definitely return to see what Harry's has to offer for dinner and brunch. I must try the Lobster Mac - N - Cheese!!!
5, after incurring intense lower back pain, I searched for a good chiropractor and discovered Dr Warkentin at the rateMDs website (under the Top 10 Chiropractors in the World) - what astounded me was that he had about 350 reviews (412 as of today), absolutely dwarfing the number of reviews for all other listed chiropractors - I also found out, to my surprise, that his clinic (actually a full-scale wellness center) was only about 15 minutes away - I made an appointment and was able to see him the same day - I had a full set of X-rays done - Dr Warkentin showed me the pertinent X-ray and provided an unrushed and thorough explanation of what was causing the pain in my back - he also pointed out areas that could lead to problems down the road - I was then put on a roller table, received electrical stimulation, had some adjustments done, and concluded the visit with cold laser therapy - subsequent visits added use of a spinal decompression machine - I also received instruction from his associate Dr Wolsey (who has a master's degree in Exercise Science) about how to strengthen my core muscles to provide support for my spine - after about 2 weeks worth of visits, about 90 to 95 percent of the pain was relieved // I've seen other chiropractors in the past - how Dr Warkentin conducts his practice blows them out of the water - it's evident his goal is excellence in terms of the quality of care he seeks to provide and the physical environment in which it's done (e.g. the patient restrooms resemble that of a luxury hotel; also, there is meticulous attention paid to upkeep, which explains why his large facility still looks new after 8 years) - in addition to being very personable and super sharp, Dr Warkentin is extraordinarily skilled at diagnosing conditions, going well beyond what the normal chiropractor is capable of doing (he's caught life-threatening problems that patients' physicians have missed, even though they're not in his official realm of expertise) - he attends surgeries weekly with some of the most skilled doctors in the Valley (neuro, spine, cardiovascular, etc.) to enhance his diagnostic capabilities - Dr Warkentin also has a desire to give back - e.g. he goes out of his way to provide affordable care to fire dept and military personnel - another example:  he took a week off earlier this year to provide his expertise on a medical missions trip to Africa // Dr Warkentin sets an example and standard of what quality medical care should be like - he doesn't market - he obtains all his business by word-of-mouth - and having experienced first hand how he treats his patients, I now understand why his marketing budget is non-existent - some of his patients fly to his clinic to be treated by him, rather than visit a nearby local chiropractor - you can add me to the list of his fans - almost forgot, one last item to mention: on the day of my initial visit, Dr Warkentin gave me a call later in the evening to see how I was doing  - it was completely unexpected - how many doctors bother to do that? - a most well deserved 5 stars!
2, I went to Museum Tavern last night for summerlicious and was really disappointed.  Service: 2/5 When we arrived we asked if there was space on the patio and we were told that there was not, and everyone on the patio just arrived so he wasn't anticipating that there would be space any time soon.  So we took a seat inside only to find 2 groups had left the patio 10 minutes later.  We would have waited for a patio seat if we had the option as it was a lovely night.    When we were greeted by our waiter he told us that we could only order off the summerlicious menu.  But throughout the night, we saw many people ordering burgers (that were not on the summerlicious menu), so I'm not sure why everyone other than us could order off the regular menu...?  Food: 2/5 I had the buttermilk fried chicken as an appetizer and it was good.  My food rating would have been 1 if not for the appetizer.  My boyfriend got the duck buns and said my appetizer was better.  The main course was the maple baby back ribs.  I was looking forward to these all day and was very disappointed.  They were way too spicy and not cooked very well.  Ribs should be falling off the bone if cooked properly - these definitely were not! There was also no plate for the bones or wet naps for us - but that has nothing to do with the food, but more to do with the service.  For dessert I had the brownie ice cream cake and my boyfriend had blue berry pie.  The pie had no taste and was infinitely better than my cake.  The brownie part was so hard that I couldn't cut into it with my spoon.  After two bites (my b/f had to cut it for me!) I decided it wasn't worth the effort - and thereby made history, as it was the first time I've EVER declined a dessert!  Other: The restaurant was nice inside but not nice enough for me to return.
2, Rich is such a cool guy he could sell just about anything to anyone at a high price. He is also smart, so I think that is just what he might be doing. If you dont care about getting screwes on price, I think there may be a good chance you could be happy here. But if you are on a budget (arent we all in one way or another) then you may not appreciate their "you have to come in before I tell you what it costs" game and even when you come in they still dont tell you what it would cost, only that their guys charge hourly and almost as much as lawyers. That was not was I was personally looking for. Finally he tried to sell me a DIY polishing machine that he supposedly invented himself because he is a chemist, and instead of telling the specs he gave me some sales pitch how it "circulates instead of rotates". That was probably a salesmans way of describing what ordinary people would call an orbital polisher - that is not unique but he tried to present it as such which I percieved as dishonest. Sorry. So instead I went and waxed the car myself with high quality Meguilar stuff I got from Walmart at around $30 and now it is nicer than new!
2, So I put off writing this review for a couple months because I was kind of pissed. I want to be fair. We will start with the good stuff. We stayed here back in June 2017. We, my husband and I, were going to Las Vegas for combination of Honeymoon and my husbands 40th Birthday. We invited some friends to join us. We ended up with about 20 of us there. We didnt all stay at the Flamingo. Only 6 of us did. Others stayed in time shares and other hotels. We are platinum members so we got to skip the long line, That was great. We chose the Flamingo because it was iconic. We knew it was a bit older and less expensive so we really were prepared for less fancy than other places. We were ok with that. Good thing too since our mini suite was quite run down and not very clean. Housekeeping obviously needs some training. But we didnt really mind. We had the Birthday party at Carlos and Charlies with all 20 of us. It was great and our waiter , Jason, was the best. We rented a cabana at the Go pool which was pretty nice but the mister in the cabana didnt work and just dripped water all over our stuff. Between my Husband and I and the rest of our party we spent many thousands of dollars. We had saved so we could do anything and everything we wanted and we did. It was great. At the point of getting our bags out of the room and heading down to check out I probably would have given them 4 stars. Quite pleased with the experience to this point.... And that was the point where we discovered that the staff at The Flamingo did not want us to have happy memories. At the check out kiosk we discovered a charge of just over a thousand dollars that we didnt understand. We went to the front desk and were told that someone in housekeeping had gone into our room and noticed sleeping bags and enough luggage for about 6 extra people. -First of all, our do not disturb sign was up the entire time so no one was supposed to go in there at all.-  I told her that was a lie and we wouldnt pay it. She went in the back to talk to a manager and came out with out the manager and with no solution. She called housekeeping and was told the supervisor was not available but that they had pictures to prove it. I asked to see the pictures. They never could supply them. We had to leave to catch a plane but didnt pay. We had agreed with the front desk lady that it would be left as pending until the problem was resolved. After weeks of calling and getting no returned phone calls. Total run around. They never supplied us with pictures. It was a horrible experience. We found out we could contact Ceasars Customer Service so we did. They did call us back and said the charge had been removed. No sorry, No admitting they had made a mistake. It was more like just take it off to get us to shut up. So we dropped it because the charge was removed but never made happy. We will stay at Ceasars properties but never at the Flamingo again. I hope  it was worth it for you -Flamingo- to try to screw us out of $1000 because I can promise that no one in our 20 person party, many of which are Las Vegas regulars, or anyone any of us ever talk to about it will stay at your hotel. Ceasars is lucky that we love their other properties so much, especially Paris.
1, Only giving it a 1 because you can't do zero.  We get there and they put my husband and 70 year old dad right in the middle of traffic.  In a very claustrophobic booth.  We ask to move after ordering our drinks.  Took 20 minutes to get our drinks even after we told both waitresses and the hostess helped us move.  Pops and I both ordered the 16oz prime rib so we could have leftovers for lunch the next day.   They bring out our prime ribs and say our baked potatoes are on the way.  Pictures attached.  Almost half of it was fat.  I said oh my gosh that's a lot of fat.  Waitress says nothing.    Pops and my hubby ordered salads and I ordered mushrooms as my other side.   They bring my daughters and husbands meals came.  A few minutes later we get out baked potatoes.   Hubby says where is my potato?   Well they had given him my mushrooms and he was well on his way of eating them.   So you would think I'd get new mushrooms right?  Nope.  Just slide the half eaten mushrooms to my plate.   Then we order another round of drinks and it takes 20 minutes to get a half chill fireball shot.     So not a good experience.  If I'm paying $25 for a 16oz prime rib, I should get "close" to 16oz.  Not 8oz of meat and 8oz of fat.    Also it's supposed to be unlimited bread.  How many loaves do you think we got?  Yup 1.   Not a happy experience.
2, First off, this review is for the intercontinental suites which is a very different hotel than the intercontinental reviewed elsewhere on Yelp.  The intercontinental suites are simply ok.  They're clean, they make your bed, bring you towels, etc.  But for the price, I have to give them only 2 stars.    On the overpriced side, they're well over $100/day for a std room, plus parking is $16 / day, plus wireless for $10 / day.  For that price in Cleveland, I expect at least something special.  That simply wasn't to be found at the Suites.  I ordered room service.  Prices were on par with room service and delivery time was very fast, but my salad appeared as if it had been made a few hours ago and shrink wrapped.  They had a lame selection of beer on room service too.  They didn't even have single beers on their menu, they sold it by the six pack.  I managed to get a single bass which was palatable, but if you've read my other reviews, you know I like the local stuff better.    The exercise room is pathetic, they converted a former guest room into an exercise room by removing the furniture and throwing in a bike, treadmill, and maybe an elliptical.  I don't remember for sure what was there. I took one look at it and walked out in disgust.  I went for a run instead, but you better know the area if you're going to do the same.  It's not too far from some places you definitely don't want to get lost in.  Head to the university and stay on campus.  If you're looking for a nice hotel in the area, I hear the other intercontinental is much better including an enormous workout facility.  If you find this place on the cheap and just need a place to crash, it's great for that.
5, A wonderful little shop with very much a community feel to it.  Kit runs a nice and unique spot which is rarely seen these days - her vision is clear and focused in the decor, product assortment and services provided by the boutique.  "Boutique" truly is the appropriate word to use here, as the focus here isn't all about just turning product - she takes her time to educate and curate a broad array of interesting and cutesy little products that are not easily found elsewhere.  Outside of succulents, there is a finely collected assortment of little planters, pots and decorative items for creating your own miniature diorama.  My wife and I went to Plant It to participate in their succulent planting workshop.  The experience was wonderful.  Kit was hospitable, educational and created a very welcoming and fun environment for the experience.  We both enjoyed it very much - Kit helped document the process via taking photos, and guided us both in the selection, care and the assembly process.  Highly recommended--we will be back.  Note: Plant It does not only have succulents, but also these cool "sleeping flowers" which are living, last 10 years, are low maintenance and come in some fantastic neon colors.  A great place for gift ideas, favors and sprucing up your place.
1, Well even though the staff was decently nice when my fiancé and I brought in his car to check why the AC was not working and have ONLY the ac checked we were told that the cabin air filter plus numerous other maintenance items needed to be done. They said as soon as the cabin air filter was taken out the ac worked beautifully! So great you found nothing wrong with the ac just do the filter and other things! Well less than 24 hours later low and behold the ac started to malfunction... Again! We take it back to check it again and get told they never checked the rest of the ac system and now we have to buy a $300 blower motor and that is before labor! We had spent every penny we had already on the other work because we trusted that the tech did his job. Boy were we wrong. Now here we are an uber driver who now can't work because it's 115 degrees out and his ac only works sometimes. How do we pay our bills? No help, no caring, no claimed responsibility on their part and we are left with nothing. Thanks for destroying us!
1, I grew up going to this hotel and wanted to try and start the same tradition with my family and son.  Boy oh boy has this hotel gone downhill....was so disappointed.  There were many problems:  1.) Check in took 2 effing hours, we didn't get into our room until 2 am 2.) Be careful, you don't want to sleep on the side where the Cromwell hotel is...their rooftop club will keep you up all night long :( 3.) This hotel is no longer family friendly, it's more fitted for 21 year olds. 4.)  Was super sad about their new Go Pool crap, use to be open to all guests, now only 21 and over and more of a club now with super loud, annoying music 5.)  Families are now asked to be shoved into their tiny beach club pool, so ridiculous and insulting for families. 6.) DO NOT try to be in the lobby when the party pool closes at 7 pm...drunk people everywhere 7.) The rooms are renovated,  but so ugly and they did a really bad job 8.) Elevators are scary 9.) The buffet used to be amazing...it's terrible now  I was very disappointed and sad that we will no longer be carrying on the family tradition at this hotel...can't believe I wasted money there.  I wouldn't even stay here if it was just my friends and I, terrible.  So mad my son had to endure this icky hotel.
2, Horrible customer service. I have gotten food from here a few times expecting to have a better experience from the last, but I was wrong to hope for that. I once called and they answered "Hold on" and just put the phone down. After waiting a few minutes they just hung the phone up. I called back again and they answered "Hold on" again. I waited for 5 minutes before they took my order. I asked for their specials and the guy on the phone just says "Well what do you want to know specials on?" In a kind of sarcastic tone. We've ordered chicken tenders from here many times and were charged for them but received chicken wings instead. This has happened multiple times. When going back they did not even apologize and  they just took the wings back and made us wait for the chicken tenders to be made. Horrible customer service. The food here is WAY OVER PRICED. The pizza is mediocre. They may use "fresh ingredients" but really the crust is the best part of the pizza. Maybe I would have thought the food was better if I received better service.   If you want WAYYYY better NY pizza go to rockos pizza. Way better prices, extremely friendly service, way better EVERYTHING.
4, I have stopped in at La Plaza twice now in the last two weeks.  Once on a whim (based on a glowing yelp review) and once more on a mission.    Both times I left happy and excited to return.   La Plaza stocks most of the general staples you'd need from most groceries, though obviously there is a strong lean toward mexican, Central, and South American goods.   Especially delightful to me is the meat counter with not only fresh chorizo, but also fresh chincharrones (PORK RINDS!) by the pound.  The fresh guacamole, salsa, and pico de gallo (also available  at the meat counter) are all superb, however there is only one heat rating for both the salsa and pico.  You get what you get, and you'll like it, gringo/a.  The produce section has lots of items that would be hard to track down elsewhere, as well as reasonable to great prices on other more common items.   On both visits the staff has been very friendly and helpful, and strongly urge others to visit and support them.    As an added bonus they do have a taco cart, but it wasn't open one either of my visits.  I guess I'll just have to go back...
5, The best chain burger you can get in the city. I first ate at this chain a few years ago on a road trip to Florida and as I was sitting in the car eating my cheeseburger wrapped in tinfoil (commenting that maybe we shouldn't have each ordered a fries because they're HUGE) I complained that we needed this in Toronto. Well now we do! Haha, and unfortunately for my waistline it's uncomfortably close to my house, and just as good as it was in the states. Not much was lost in the cross-border translation. From the bright red and white self-congratulatory decor, to the awesome food and the giant bins of peanuts that fill the room and sate your appetite as you wait for your food: everything has come North.  The burgers are big (the standard burger is two patties) juicy and fresh. I like to keep the toppings simple (ketchup, mustard, mayo, lettuce, pickles), but there's pretty much anything you could want to put on them on the menu. The sesame seed bun does the job holding the messy burgers together and the processed cheese makes the burger creamy and adds just the right amount of flavour without taking away from the burger. The fries are on par with the burger and as good as some chip truck fries:  big, fresh and crispy. And, as mentioned above, unless your incredibly hungry a regular fries can serve 2 easily and a large more. They actually measure out a heaping portion of fries and dump them in the bag loose to match the portion they give you in the container. It's not cheap, you're looking at 25 dollars plus for two (share a fries and share a drink: there are free refills), but honestly it feels like you're easily getting your money's worth. No other burger chain comes close.
2, So,if you are thinking of eating here but haven't gone to any one of the other acclaimed steakhouses in Las Vegas, I'd highly recommend you go elsewhere.  This place was a disappointment from beginning to end for us.  First thing you need to know is that if you look at the menu, the only place the word prime shows up is in the title.  The steaks are not prime.  And they definitely do not taste like prime steaks.  They may have prime steaks on the menu, but unless it specifically says it is, it ain't.    Secondly, the service here sucks.  No sugar coating here.  I don't want people to make the same mistake I made and eat here when there is definitely much better in this town.  Go elsewhere for good service, or at least average service.  Well, hopefully I've dissuaded you.  If not, or if you just like reading about poor dinners like watching a car accident, read on.    We ordered the crabcakes.  And this is where the problems started.  We dutifully split it in half as usual, I began eating and noted it was good, then I bit into a crab shell.  Wow, that hasn't happened to me at any decent restaurant and I've had my share of crabcakes.  Disappointed but willing to overlook this, I bit into another piece of shell.  I'm paying a pretty decent sum for a crabcake that isn't remarkable in any way, and I'm biting into shells?  Unbelievable.  Next up, the salads.  Except we didn't order salads.  They were for the table next to us.  With some horror I realized that our steaks and another table's salads were on the sam f-ing cart, but they served their salad first!  I don't think they do that kind of thing at a Black Angus, much less a restaurant that claims to be a top steakhouse.  Horrified but willing to ignore the two insults already suffered, we got our steaks and sides after a bit of a pause.    My steak was ok.  18 oz bone-in ribeye.  The sauces weren't special but I'm not much of a sauce guy.  However, if you are going to pride yourself on your sauces, it should generate some interest from me.  Sides were decent.  Truffled mash potatoes were creamy, creamed spinach was what I expected.  I didn't much enjoy the bread though.  I got a pretzel roll that was extremely salty.    And then the final insult.  We finished our steaks, and waited a long time for our waiter to come back, but we didn't see him again.  The second cleaned up and brought us out the dessert menu, but that took quite some time.  At this point I hadn't seen our waiter in so long I assumed he actually left.  I thought that was incredibly rude to do that without turning the table over to someone.  Why are we ordering dessert still?  I wanted to give this place a chance to right the wrongs.  After ordering the crepe suzette (17 layers!), we waited a long time for our dessert.  A real long time.  And after finishing what I thought was a good dessert, we waited a long time for our check.  At this point our waiter returned!  We hadn't seen him since we ordered.  Apparently he had been taking care of another table.  He didn't tell us this, which would have alleviated a lot of the insult I felt by this time.  He cleared our dessert and we wanted no more of this restaurant.  It took a full 15 minutes for him to bring us our checks.  By this point we were angry.  We got here at about 6:45, and it was now 9:15.  So we spent an equal amount of time being seated, ordering and eating as we did waiting on our dessert and paying our check.  I won't be back here when there is so much better in town.
3, I work right next to this place and I've been here a bunch of times so let me tell you what the deal is.  A lot of people complain about this place because they say "Ooh the cashier was unfriendly" or "Oh the food wasn't like an asian master would prepare" well no kidding you big drungus, it's because you're at Pei Wei and it's like a fast food place if you wanted authentic asian experiences you screwed up already.  Pei Wei is where you go if you want a bowl of noodles or rice and you want some stuff on top with a sauce.  Just order it and move down the line and if there's a table then sit at a table or maybe take it back to you office.  It's just food.  This location is pretty average in terms of speed and politeness, and the food seems to be cooked appropriately so what else do you want?  Here's my PRO TIP: When you go to the place where the drinks are right after you order, get a fortune cookie, but slip it into your pocket, then at the end of the meal, go back and say outloud "Oh man I am going to get a fortune cookie" so they don't think you're taking two and then swipe a second one and eat it there.  They've got the most delicious fortune cookies and even though the messages are usually something stupid about sports like "Oh you're gonna have a good sportsball game tomorrow" you can still enjoy the cookie, and you've already swiped a second one to enjoy later so you're the real winner - sportsball or not.
1, This was the worse experience I have ever had an urgent care facility. The staff was subpar the doctor was rude, inconsiderate, and my discharge papers listed symptoms that were undescribed by me. When I refused to sign the discharge papers I asked to speak with the physician. The doctor begin to explain to me that I gave a vague description so he decided to list just something on my discharge papers and that it didn't matter what it said. I explained to him that I felt uncomfortable signing my papers being that my symptoms though vague  they were given to him and the symptoms listed on the discharge papers had nothing to do with the way I felt and that I am concerned.  The doctor became angry and I rate telling me that I can go and see someone else but good luck with that! I told him that I will be reporting him. .., I am shocked at the type of treatment I have received here . I will be making this less that acceptable treatment I have received at the Urgent Care Extra known by all. The Doctor I saw today was Dr. Timothy Eichenlaub ( bald guy with bad teeth and an adittude to match).
3, Ok, I hate to give a bad review on this one, due to them practically being in an empty plaza and I'm sure they could use all the business they can get, but I won't be coming back. There are literally so many nail salons, that I feel like I should be completely satisfied or keep moving on in search of "my" nail place. I got my nails painted with the gel nail paint, which is amazing in that it lasts over two weeks everytime I get it done. It was $25, as well as, I always leave a $5 tip, unless the service was just ridiculously horrible, which hasn't happened to me yet, thank goodness. The man who did my nails and I won't leave his name. Well, he seemed depressed, like he'd rather be somewhere else. At one point, he went back to get him a bottle of water, did not ask if I would have liked one and sat it down right in front of me and frankly, I would have accepted one, I was thirsty. He did attempt some small talk, but I could tell, he really didn't want too. I also attempted small talk, just to make the time go by faster, plus I do try to be polite whereever I am, Its just my nature. I'm from the south. Also, he was dressed rather shabbily, just not professional in my opinion. He did get some of the clear coat on my skin above my nail, which has taken several hand washings to get off.  There's nothing absolutely wrong about the place, but neither is there anything absolutely right about the place, it was just "meh". I want something better.
1, We went to tour the Stetson earlier today. When we arrived we were told to wait 20-25 minutes for a tour because the ONE person working was assisting someone else. Luckily after waiting a few minutes, the assistant manager showed up to help us. We took a tour and the community seemed nice enough. However, the assistant manager who was helping us was completely incompetent. She did not know pricing or what was available for our time frame. She also took us to see an apartment and then we found it was occupied so we couldn't even see it. It looks terrible for the company that she was so incompetent and unaware of the community. At the end of the tour, she told us that she didn't have anything available at the end of July when we wanted to move in. We told her we would be in touch, and got up to leave. She proceeded to do a hard sales pitch (probably because her boss was around the corner), and tried to get us not to leave. We left with a bitter taste in our mouths. We looked on their site later that evening and found that there were several apartments becoming available in mid to late July. Guess we will take our business to one of the plenty other luxury apartments in old town.
5, I'm really pleased with this salon. For the past few years, I've been trying to find a salon that will actually provide me with what I ask for and what looks best on me. I tend to also look for inexpensive salons, which never really satisfy me, even if the prices were much more affordable in the end.    I went to Parlour for the first time last summer. I booked it online (which is super convenient!) and booked myself with Martha, as reviews stated she works really well with curly hair.  I showed her pictures of what I wanted and she did a great job! She gave me a long bob that worked well with my wavy/curly hair. I returned back in November to do more layers and to cut my bangs, and Martha did a great job once again.   Wanting to go blonde for the longest time, I booked an appointment with Aimee this past December. I showed Aimee what I wanted, which was a blonde balayage, and she was really receptive to this and provided good feedback on what would work best with my hair. My hair didn't turn out as blonde as I wanted because it would have been too damaging, but it did look good and very healthy! We agreed to return in a few months to add more blonde highlights to it. I returned today and she did a fantastic job. It's the perfect shade of blonde mixed in with other shades, just what I wanted.   Based on my experiences, I've paid $60+ for my haircut and $175+ for my hair colour. This is more than I've paid for in the past, but it's also very reasonable and well worth it. The staff are not only talented but are incredibly nice and easy to talk to. I know that I will for sure be a long time customer at this salon.
1, I'm disappointed to see so many Yelpers give this place any more than one star. I would take Panda Express any day over this joint.  I ordered to-go from their lunch menu: sweet and sour chicken with vegetable lo mein and rice ($8).  It took nearly 30 minutes for it to arrive so now I'm rushing back to my office to chow it down. It's a good thing I didn't have to rush because the food was so bland I didn't even bother finishing it.   I should have known it was going to be gross when my server pulled the lo mein out of a giant rice steamer. The noodles were not seasoned (btw- where were the vegetables in my vegetable lo mein?!) and way over cook. Maybe it was because the noodles have been sitting in the rice steamer all day!  The sweet and sour chicken was pretty much non-seasoned, chicken nuggets swimming in sweet and sour sauce. There were some chunks of green peppers too but I couldn't get over the canned sweet and sour sauce that was infiltrating into my rice pile.  The best part of the meal were the fortune cookies. Mine said-- Next time, drive a bit east and you will find Pei Wei... or maybe that Chicago Hamburger Company across the street will do too!  Don't waste your money folks. Judging from the 4 people eating there during rush lunch hour, this place will be closed soon.
3, I have eaten here and in NYC a few times and it is delicious. My recent visit to Vegas is what has brought my review stars down. Went to the bar for a margarita. The bar was mostly full, waited behind a woman who was buying 5 margarita's and she stood there sipping on one for some reason while her friends sat a table. Luckily 3 seats became available at the other end and the 2 of us sat. And waited and then waited some more. The bartender on our side never once acknowledged us. Not even a glance for almost 10 minutes. She was getting a bottle of wine for man to take out somewhere. Going into detail about how she could not give him the Mesa glasses. I understand helping customers but sometimes a small glance to let one know you exist is all it takes for good service.I don't mind waiting but I do want to know we will be served at some point. But after 10 minutes of sitting there when she only had the 2 of us, the wine customer who already had his wine and a single man who was already served well that is not acceptable so we left. I am certain she did not notice or care but her attitude made me question another visit.
5, I purchased my first vehicle from Pinnacle Nissan. My Nissan Juke was very good to me so I decided I want to stay with Nissan. My first experience was great with the first vehicle.   I've been looking around at the new Nissan Murano. I recently visited Avondale Nissan just to test drive and discuss costs. The people there were very rude and turned me off on buying a new car any time soon.   The other day I received a personal text from Bryson asking if I was in the market to buy a new car, which I have been. I told him what I wanted over text and about my Juke and finances. He was able to write up a deal and call me with the info which made the process easy! Saved so much time that could have been wasted at the dealership if the numbers didn't come out right. And they got my interest rate at 3.24 when Avondale Nissan was trying to give me 7% which is higher than the rate of my first car when I had zero credit. My credit  is in the 700's so there is no way I should have been ripped off at 7% like Avondale Nissan tried.   I was offered a trade in value of $9700 at the other dealership. At pinnacle they gave me $12000 which significantly more and paid off my previous loan; even giving me some extra towards the price of my new Murano.   I was impressed by my experience. John in financing was fantastic and very good at explaining the process. Bryson was also very helpful in making the process as easy as possible.   I'm picky and the Murano i wanted wasn't available in Arizona so they found it in Nevada and had it shipped. I was told about 4 days and put into a loaner Murano. My new Murano came in a day in a half and is exactly what I wanted.   I appreciate the professionalism of the staff here.
5, First I know lots of people do pools around Vegas but we search all around town for a pool builder we met with about 6 different builders. Keep in mind we went to California Pools first waited a year and realized that Danny was our guy from the moment we met him it was top costumer service first and that's what brought us back everyone else just wanted our Money. At California pool there are no pushy sales talk Danny just wanted to make sure that we are happy with our choose. My neighbors are putting in a pool and started 7 weeks before us and we are already done. So not only quality pool but it was fast. Only took 7 weeks from when they broke ground. Keith was our on site manager and he was awesome very communicative on what's going on what's coming up next. I would recommend CALIFORNIA POOLS do t go anywhere else they are professional at what they do. Don't fall for a company who does Landscapping and think they can do pools we almost did that and thank god we didn't. Thank you to all the California Pool people and Danny and Keith for all you help!
5, After multiple return visits, and money spread about (3) three different tire and custom wheel shops..... none could take care of the tire shaking problem. There fancy rode force balance and inexperienced discount staff drove me crazy. We have all been to similar shops.   I was all about to give up when this week while having work done by Aloha Automotive, I mentioned my frustration and expense $200+ to remedy very bad rear tire shake at 60-65mph.  Aloha Body shop manager mention HubCap Annie fixed his daughters bent wheel and re-balanced for a very reasonable price. He said that's where I would go, they are a honest shop. Since a whole heartedly trust Jason the owner of Aloha for my auto repairs, I welcomed the referral from his staff.   This morning, I was greeted by Terry at HC Annie's who listened to my concerns and offered to take a look at the problem. Terry personally removed both rear tires and quickly identified one tire was indeed off balanced. Terry fixed the issues and sent me down the road. The car rode smoothly down the road at all speeds without issue after 2 months of frustration.   HubCap Annie's fixed what 2 national box store tire shops and 1custom wheel & tire could not do...... Balance a tire properly.   Mind you while completing my balance Terry was interrupted by a man looking for a used tire. Without skipping a beat, Terry continued my install while addressing the gentle men's question and showed real compassion for the mans plight. Unfortunately, we just don't see that anymore in business, you all know that's it's sadly becoming a rare occurrence.  Whomever hired Terry, you have a great employee who understands the true meaning of helping people while helping your business. Terry has earned my trust, therefore so has HubCap Annie's. Thank you for making my day.
1, I have been a petsmart customer for years. Even make a donation to their charity every time I shop there. Tonight's treatment by Chris and the cashier was unaccepptable. I was trying out different brands of dog kibble. Bought a high quality brand  a couple weeks ago. My dogs wouldn't eat it. Exchanged that for two different brands a week ago (Purina beyond and Hills diet). My dogs wouldn't go near the food. The Hills brand smelled awful. So I went to return the food. I walked in. Saw only one receipt was in the bag. I went to my vehicle to find the other one. When I came back, Chris is standing a few feet away from the register holding my receipt watching for me. I asked if there was a problem. His reply "well yeah." He begins questioning me why I am returning the merchandise and mentions I seem to be continuously returning items. His question felt like he was interrogating me. I immediately took offense to his attitude and demeanor towards me. I said, my dogs wouldn't eat either one and one brand smells horrible. And proceeded to say I only returned one bag of food previously. Never returned any items prior to that. The prior cashier who helped me last time let me know food items can be returned if the dogs won't eat the food. Chris continued his line of questioning asking me what am I feeding the dogs now. Am I exchanging for another bag. I answered his questions and I shouldn't have had to. It's none of his business what I feed them now. And I do not want another bag. I'm upset. Frustrated by his actions and I rightfully tell him so. Telling him how I feel he is making me feel. I grabbed my receipt from him which he was holding onto tightly showing I am not liking his service. handed it back to the cashier and Chris continues to tell me, he is allowing the return. Absolutely right he is. Their no hassle free return policy was a huge hassle. I'm clearly unhappy and Chris continues to be a condescending on purpose by asking if there anything more he could do for me. I responded with after they way he treated me, I'm going to ask him for help. He continued his belligerent responces in which I told him to stop. How dare he treat me with such disrespect. As I'm walking out the store he continued to berate me with have a nice day. That is unprofessional. Awful customer service. Petsmart has lost my business for good. My treatment doesn't end with this review. I will be following up with the store manager and their head quarters.
5, 5 stars for Karissa! And also a big plus for the cute shop she's in! Cute set up and great vibes with a bunch of fun upbeat workers who (who can totally tell) love what they do!  Before going to her I did a lot of research on hair stylists for the best quality and of course, price. Having such long thick hair I had to make sure I chose someone who I can trust and who does GREAT work for a reasonable price and I found Karissa!!!!! I showed her the picture of the hair I wanted and the goals to where i eventually want my hair to get. I knew she was going to get me to my goals based off the work I seen on her Instagram @karissacutshair. My hair is naturally dark so I know it's going to take sessions to get to my hair goal and for my first session she already got me super light and my hair still feels super healthy! We still have a few sessions to go to get to my goals but I am already in love with this first session so I can only imagine how the end results are gonna be!  I will NEVER go to another hair stylist after this. And I will continue to refer people to her. Thanks Karissa!
4, Wow. Using the overused term "hidden gem" really doesn't do Alexander Michael's proper justice. This place is so tucked within Fourth Ward, you most likely wouldn't notice it even if you were to traipse the entire neighborhood. Which, in my opinion, really makes this place shine. There's no grandiose entry way or signage laid out in lights. Just an old house on the corner of 9th with low lighting and a cozy interior.   HINT: If you've never been here, I'd recommend cutting all the way over to Graham St and then turning onto 9th. You can't turn down 9th from Tryon, as 9th is split into two sections and you won't be able to drive direct. Also, parking is sparse. Find a place around the neighborhood and walk a few blocks. There is plenty of residential 2hr parking on the streets.   Sat at the bar and loved every creek and crack of the old floors and pillars. It's kind of tight quarters, but it gives it a cool pub feel. The taps coming directly out of the old cabinet style system is just gorgeous. Tons of local brews and some other fine beer choices were available. Didn't indulge as it was a 1pm lunch. I ended up order the london broil sandwich. Goodness gracious I'm glad I did, too. It was just right for lunch and paired with the pasta salad, you can't go wrong.   Service is so friendly here. You really get the feeling that these people have been at it for a long time and keep it old school.   If you haven't been or are on the fence, I highly recommend. Definitely one of the Uptown staples.
1, I visited this restaurant last time in 2015 and gave low rating then. Two days ago while we stayed at Caesars Palace, my friend insisted to have some to-go order of Chinese food within the hotel despite my objection. So, we went.  We ordered a BBQ Platter ($29.99), a Pork Ribs in Sweet Vinegar Sauce ($19.99), and one order of custard bun - Egg Yolk Quicksand as they called it ($6.99). In total, we paid over $60 for these three items.   I was astonished to see the BBB Platter when we got back to the room and opened the box. This platter was about half the size of the same dish I ordered once there two years ago. In the combination platter, there were three kinds of meat - 4 very small pieces of Poached chicken, 4 very small pieces of Roast Duck and BBB Pork. I almost couldn't believe they were serving so few pieces of so tiny size at such quite high price. As to the BBB Pork, it was chopped (not slicked) into pieces about 5 times thicker than normal sliced BBQ Pork served at most other restaurants. Their poor and tacky knife cut made the BBQ Pork look as dull as a portion of pig's frozen dead body, totally unappetizing and iffy. I was wondering how they could charge $30 for a small box of food with quality level lower than that of a food court vendor.   I must give a low rating to this restaurant again. I am a Chinese and I know how good Chinese food should look and should be prepared. They still don't think they should upgrade, instead they shrink the portion and size of the food and raise the prices with no business ethics at all. Doesn't Caesars Palace feel ashamed to allow such a low-end place sitting there to fool and rip off non-Chinese tourists and suckers?  After this bad experience, I checked again their recent ratings on Yelp and found they've got more and more poor ratings. They deserve for what they are doing, and I believe if they continue doing so, they won't stay there too long.
2, This a very SMALL museum and at $8 A head which includes anyone over 2 years old, My wife and did not think it was very good value for the money spent. With my wife daughter and granddaughter plus tax it was almost $35 for the four of us and it took maybe 30 minutes to go through. At the end I said "Is that all????" expecting more but it ended quickly even going out doors and walking the nature trail down to "Fort Wild" an outdoor play area. Now I wasn't expecting The Museum Of Natural History in Raleigh, and we did enjoy some of the exhibits, but at  $8 a head plus tax we were expecting way more than what we got. After our granddaughter finished playing outside, we went back through again to feel like we at least gotten a little more for our money. If your trying to find an activity with the kids to beat the heat this summer, this place won't give you a very big bang for your buck. Also with it as small as it is, we had several summer camps coming through with small children and it was getting way to loud in there, so thank goodness we were leaving. As most reviewers have said, save your money and go next door to Freedom Park, Its free! Two visits in one for us, first and last!
2, Update: wasn't surprised to see CLE ranked dead last among medium sized airports in North America! I got a glimpse of the outside renovations/entrance and it looks good. Now just fix the shitty airport operations....  ------------------------------------------  Hopefully the airport completes its rehab quickly... The check in area is in disarray... People walking all over the place with no clear indication/signs for where each airline ticketing location is... I agree construction can be a disruption but clear signage and airport staff guiding passengers will be helpful.   Just a note: I have been flying out of CLE on a weekly basis for the past 2 months...  To add to the chaos, TSA at CLE is the worst (not that they are good anywhere but you can't get through security in less than 30 mins). One Sunday evening the security line was all the way to the other end of the airport, and guess what there were 3 TSA Pre agents and no one for the regular line??? What were they thinking...  Once you clear security check, the boarding area is clean and organized. Airline and restaurant staff are helpful and there are multiple flights leaving to all major hubs.   There is a Starbucks right after clearing security and the line moves quick. They are open early am (5:30am) so you can get your fix.   When landing, I recommend using the departures/ticketing level to exit as the arrivals level can get crowded pretty quick.
3, Paris 66 is one of those places you hear a lot of buzz about and are dying to go to.  One of those places you EXPECT will be incredible!  This was a sorta mediocre experience....but I do expect more from this place.    It was totally my fault that I set up a breakfast meet up at 10a and a lunch meet up at noon.  I'm either looking to gain 1000 lbs or am busy.  I'll take the busy option.  So since i was stuffed from an incredible waffle from Sugar Cafe I decided to get my fav salad of the moment, a beet salad.  It was a pretty big disappointment.  I'd say it was MAYBE 1/3 a beat with TINY little cubes of beets, lettuce leaves and blue cheese.  Blue Cheese with beats?  No feta, really?!  Ok, I'm looking too much into this beet salad, but for realz, it was sorta lame.    Our server was OK, but sorta seemed like she wasn't into serving that day.  She kept forgetting to bring my friend her drink and she just seemed pretty lackadaisical.  No big thang I guess, I served and I was horrible!!  The outdoor patio was also really cute.  I was actually really into the whoel feel of the place, inside and out.  Very romantic in and very casual and comfy outside.    Service was pretty slow too.  ALTHOUGH, what I will say in their defense is it looks like they only have two small grills in the front to make the crepes (which my two friends got) so I can see why it would take a while.  I did get a small bit of my friends crepe and it was awesome!    I will come back because I feel like I didn't get into the really good stuff on the menu....but I'm not sure what kind of service I'll receive and I definitely will go back expecting slow service at the very least.  So remember you'll need a good hour and a half at least for lunch, perhaps more for dinner.
5, I've been a Wingstop fan for quite some time now.  My friends and I would got to the Green Valley Ranch location about once a week until it was closed down.  Then we started going to the Tropicana location (although not as frequently due to the location).  We recently found about this particular location on Maryland and wanted to give it a try.  The manager, DJ, transferred from the Tropicana location.  He remembers our names (even though we only go a couple times a month these days) and is always welcoming and friendly.  This location is a bit different than most Wingstop locations.  There is a bar area.  There is more seating than normal.  The walls are lined with TVs showing sports.  I like all these things.  At the other Wingstop locations I would feel cramped and would want to leave soon after finishing my meal.  The wings I got on this trip were exceptionally large.  I've never had a problem with wing size at Wingstop and these were even bigger than usual.  I typically get the hot sauce which has a decent amount of kick.  The wings are never undercooked or overcooked and are quite tender and juicy.  I love the ranch sauce.  It's thin without being watery.  Hard to explain, but it's perfect for going with the hot wings.  They have TWO of the coke machines with the touchscreens.  I love those touchscreens, but people can be slow figuring them out.  With two of them there I hardly saw a line waiting for them.  The only negative about Wingstop is the price.  A small soda, dozen wings, and a ranch cost me over $12.
1, I was very excited to order from Mr. Falafel this evening.  I placed my order around 4:30pm directly on their website. Anyway, it is clearly marked that they deliver to the H9R area.  One can also find this restaurant listed on the Tasty Boom food delivery service as well.  I have double checked that I am indeed part of the delivery zone.  I received an order confirmation from Tasty Boom (as they are in charge of all the online orders).  After waiting for an hour and half I called the restaurant's direct line.  The person who picked up told me that a representative from Tasty Boom was supposed to call me because they had decided to cancel the order.  I never received any phone call, text, or e-mail stating that the order had been cancelled.  The Mr. Falafel employee also asked me, "If I just placed a bunch of things in my order to make the minimum?"  I then explained to him that I ordered what I wanted.  Also, I am not sure why "what" I decide to order is any of his concern as long as I meet the delivery requirements.  I expect that even if I was just ordering extra things I still would expect the food to be delivered.  I then called Tasty Boom and they told me that the restaurant had chosen to cancel the order because they felt like it wasn't "worth it" for them to deliver.  I would like to note that the website states a $20.00 minimum and my order was $25.00.  Also, the restaurant is located on Saint Jean's Boulevard and is a less than 10 minute drive from my location even with lots of traffic...what a joke and what a waste of time.
4, Came here with husband and bonus daughter while on vacation. Love the texting when your table is ready concept.   The shakes are very yummy and incredibly filling. I got the expresso one. my husband the caramel bourbon and the 8 year old got the Smores. The Smores one comes with a roasted marshmallow on top! You get your glass of shake with tons of think, almost Fluff-like whipped cream on top plus the metal container that the shake was made in with all the extra that wouldn't fit in the glass.  My husband got the Farmer Browns' burger and enjoyed it.  I got the Hot Chick sandwich and it was incredible! The perfect combination of flavors and amounts of sauce, cheese, etc. Chicken was perfectly seasoned and grilled.   The Bonus Daughter got the grilled cheese and for an extra $1 (only homemade chips come with the sandwiches) got the fries. She did not care for the fries. The fries were a bit overly salted and also had pepper and I want to say rosemary on them. I loved them but did try to scrape off some salt.  The waitstaff was very friendly and we got to eat in the outdoor covered area. Great spot. Wish we had something like it close to home.
5, I had a 2pm appointment, arrived 15 minutes early. At exactly 2pm, "Chad" came and escorted me to CPAP room. Although I have been on a CPAP machine for at least 10 years and I knew the drill, Chad was very professional and explained the machine, functions, equipment, etc. He also recommended a different mask and headgear than what I had previously requested and it was much more comfortable than the one I wanted. I was very satisfied with the treatment I received from Chad. He is an asset to Bennett. I will point out that I left another local CPAP supply company last week after getting the run around from them. My pulmonary Doctor ordered a new CPAP after I had another sleep study done. I had to contact Preferred CPAP Supplies and ask the status of my new machine. I was rudely told that I wasn't the only customer and the insurance paperwork took awhile. I reported that company to my doctor's office and was referred to Bennett Medical by them, and immediately cancelled my appointment and scheduled with Bennett. Bennett had my insurance approval and paperwork done in two days where the other local company wasted 3 weeks of my time and gave excuses. I had been with this other company for 4 years. I called Bennett on a Friday, had my appointment and machine, etc, the following week. Thank you Chad for your expertise.
2, So I was in the mood for Asian food and after countless research on yelp and Google, this place looked like it would deliver. Boy how wrong I was. The service was terrible. The server tried to get my friend to order two separate entrees when she just wanted a side of rice to go with her general tsos chicken. After we got our meals he disappeared and didn't return until about 15 minutes after we were done eating. My friend ordered the general tso chicken. It was bland and more breading than chicken. I ordered the chicken and mushroom noodles. The hand pulled noodles were slightly undercooked but still really good. The chicken was horrible and didn't even seem as if it was chicken. The texture was more of the organs than the meat. Needless to say it was very questionable. The experience all together was crappy but our server put the cherry on top when he took the bill and never returned with the change. Normally I tip 20% or above but he seemed ok with his 10%. I won't be going back there, I would have been more satisfied with panda express.
4, Yes, this place can be pricey but it was a great stay in Montreal.  We paid ~ $750 for three week nights in October.    Location:  Fabulous because it was near the quaint old town area with plenty of areas to stroll through and pick up breakfast.  1 block away from the metro stop and about 3 blocks from China Town.  About 5 blocks from the water front and Archeology museum.    Service:  Very friendly and tried to be professional but some odd answers to my questions.   They seemed to always try to sell their own restaurant whenever we wanted suggestions from the concierge...even when we asked to find St.Viateur for their famous bagels.  I also tried to get a room with a good view - one of the customer service reps said she would try, since the rooms were not ready when we arrived.  But then another service rep looked at her and mumbled something in French... She then said that our room does have a good view and then within the same sentence, said that really, there were not good views in this hotel.  Then, our toilet had very low water pressure so I called the front desk who said they would relocate us to another room. 15 minutes later, after frantically packing our things, a guy comes up to the room and says no other rooms are available and they would fix it in the a.m.   "A" for effort but "C" for the odd answers and possibly... lack of experience?   Rooms:  Loved the brick walls and hard wood floors INSIDE the rooms - a lot of personality with very high ceilings.  Big bathroom with full bath.  Good blow dryer in the room, iron and board, umbrella, robes, iphone/ipod dock on radio.  Bed was a bit firm for me (I am soft biased) but otherwise comfy.    Fitness room:  small but my husband said was good enough - had cardio machines and weights.    We received a free drink voucher for their restaurant upon checkin.  Our friends also stayed in the hotel and opted to buy package deal that included 4 free metro passes and coupons... not sure how much more they spent but they also got a bigger room.
2, The quality of the meat amd the banchan varieties were good. Ive been meaning to go to this spot for a while and finally got to try it out. The wait is horrendous of course but expected, 30 min turned to 1 hour and 10 min. So dont come here hungry. Lol  The prices and quantity is expected as well very small, its not an all you can eat joint and dont expect alot of meat. We had to order another plate pf meat and cold noodles on top of our combo. We told our server maybe we shpuld have ordered the 3 to 4 people portion, he said no its too much food. The portions are really small, the pictures are deceiving. Our server was in a rush on everything, our food, the cooking and when we said we want to order more meat he kinda got dissappointed. Lol.   We had to ask for cups for our water, more water, rice, napkins pretty much all the basics. Top it off with a piece of hair on our salad which we pointed out and he just said oh I get you a new one. No sorry, oh my gosh, nothing.   Well I tried it and everyone seems to give this place a 4 and 5 star which Im sure at times deserves it. Its just not this time.
1, I really liked Sakana when it first opened, I went there for lunch a couple of times but because the 'word wasn't out' it was very slow, I was immediately seated, the service was quick and the sushi was good.  You could tell they were really trying to make an impression.  I returned there about 2 weeks ago for AYCE and the experience was quite different.  I went early, about 11:30 a.m. because I knew they are much busier.  There were only 4 other people in the restaurant.  I ordered my first round and as I waited, the restaurant filled up quickly.  I waited.  And waited.  And waited some more.  When my first order of sushi arrived, it wasn't everything I ordered but I was glad it came because it took the edge off.  I slowly received more sushi.  The 3 orders of eel that I ordered never came.  I reminded the server.  She said she would check on it.  I waited some more.  I asked her for the 2nd time about the eel.  Even though the restaurant was practically full, she was the only server working, ping-ponging from table to table.  Since I had nothing to do I kept an eye on this poor guy at the bar who wasn't even acknowledged for at least 1/2 an hour, not even to be given water.  He kept trying to get someone's attention!  Finally about 12:15, what I thought was another server arrived, turned out he was a bus boy and could only pick up plates and fill water.  FINALLY my eel arrived, it was super mushy, was much larger than the other sushi and didn't have that warm toasted crust.  You could tell it was thrown together.  Since I made such a big deal out of it, I ate it all even though I didn't like it.  I felt so sick after that, even though I didn't get my money's worth I didn't want any more (she wouldn't have been around to take another order anyway).  I was in the restaurant for well over an hour even though when I arrived I was one of 5 people there.  Then on the way out I noticed a dead roach on the floor, I nearly threw up.  The quality and service went way down with this place which is unfortunate.
5, Short version: If you want a massage, whether on your own or a couples massage, forget the sky-high prices on the strip and head over to Massage Pro. It's not a sleazy, cheapo place. It's cozy and professional.  Long version: My husband and I decided to make an impromptu trip to Las Vegas. We booked our hotel two days in advance and winged it while we were there. We knew, though, that we wanted to get a couples massage.  Of course, we headed to Yelp, and read lots of good reviews for the hotel spas, but oh my gosh--$400 for a 50 minute massage? Ouch. No thanks. So, I Googled "couples massage" and came up with three non-day spa/hotel places in Vegas. I called all three, checked reviews on all three, and then checked appointment availability and came up with Massage Pro. Booked an appointment sight unseen, and crossed my fingers.  The place is right off the strip--just head west on Sahara for a couple miles. It'd be too much to walk, I think, but it's close enough that taking a taxi shouldn't be too expensive. We had our car with us and it was a very quick drive.  When my husband and I walked into the office, we were a little worried--the reception is super small and feels a little like a dentist's office. We filled out our paperwork, and were taken back to a much more spacious waiting room with dimmed lights, relaxing music, and a little fountain. From there, we were met by our massage therapists. We did have to wait a little longer than we expected, but it was only seven minutes beyond our appointment time, and they more than made up for it during the session. I think they spent an extra ten or fifteen minutes on us to make it up to us. :)  We ordered the 90-minute combination massage, which was a blend of Swedish and deep-tissue techniques. We paid just $90 each! Even with a $20 tip on top of each massage, we were still under the next least expensive massage we could find--and the experience was phenomenal!  We had a male therapist and a female therapist (we had confirmed this was all right when we called and made our appointments) who guided us to a designated Couples Room specially set aside for couples massages. The room was decorated, dimmed, and had soothing music playing. The beds were heated and we were asked if they were to our liking temperature-wise. They were perfect.  Did I mention the therapists are nationally and locally licensed? Yeah. Cool.  So began ninety minutes of rubby, relaxing bliss. The therapists were receptive to our suggestions--a little softer on that spot, please; a little harder right there. The therapists were nothing but the utmost of professionals, watching our muscles for the relaxation of knots and responses to too much pressure. They adjusted their techniques to our preferences and my husband and I had a wonderfully relaxing afternoon. We had very enjoyable massages.  We didn't pack robes with us, and, not being a day spa, they don't provide them, so they were kind enough to let us use their shower usually reserved for customers getting body scrubs so we could rinse off some of the massage lotion. We got big, fluffy towels to dry off with and they even gave us an extra one, just in case.  In short: UNBEATABLE prices Professional, personable, skilled, licensed, receptive therapists Couples massage room! Not a day spa--ambiance is definitely service-oriented, but still decorated and cozy Awesome massage Not sketchy (they have zero tolerance for inappropriate behavior)  What are you waiting for?! Book your vacation massage for less than the price of most show tickets!
5, A friend had been trying to get me to try acupuncture for years (every time I mentioned that my back hurt), but I would say, "Needles? No thanks!" I was recently in Las Vegas the week of Independence Day for a poker tournament and my back was hurting so much that I was having difficulty sitting at the tables for long periods of time. I got massages for three days in a row but got only a small amount of temporary relief. I thought about going to a chiropractor, but remembered how many times my friend had tried to get me to see her acupuncturist and decided I should give it at least one try. Boy, am I glad I did!   The needles are very, very fine and I only felt a small prick with a few (not even close to either a vaccination or finger stick)-- this was NOT a painful procedure. He inserted 16 of them from my neck to my ankles and then asked me to guess how many were there. I guessed 6-8. I seriously didn't even feel the others and none of them hurt. They then hooked some kind of electrodes to 6 of them (I was lying face down and couldn't see what he was doing) and sent weak electrical pulses through them. If you've ever had TINS treatments, the amount of current was far less (no muscle twitches) and felt as if someone was gently tapping my back in each spot. Then, they turned off the lights and played New Age type music while I relaxed. I don't know how long that lasted (maybe 15-20 minutes?) because I didn't have my watch on, but it was like taking a nap. After this time, they disconnected the electrodes and removed the needles. I felt very calm and a little groggy at this point. I had told him that I would be playing poker later that evening and he recommended that I take a nap when I returned to my hotel. I took his advice and when I awoke, I felt great! In fact, I was even able to walk from Caesar's to Bally's later to catch the free shuttle without any pain. Sure, that's not a great distance, but there is no way I could have done that prior to my acupuncture treatment. I got a second treatment the next day (my last full day in town) and when I left Las Vegas, I was pain free. Just today (about 10 days later) my lower back pain has been bothering me again (though not as severe), so tomorrow morning I will look up the local doctor whom my friend recommended. I hope he is as good as Dr. Lok! If you are in Las Vegas and have back pain, you really need to go to Dr. Lok.
1, I don't know if this is the correct PODS location, but this comment is about the entire PODS company, not a specific location.  The whole notion of loading all your belongings into a box and then having the box shipped to the city you're moving to is brilliant and simple...unless you're dealing with PODS. These folks have less than no clue about what customer service is. My brother moved to Scottsdale from Minneapolis. He arrived well ahead of his PODS container. However, when the container did arrive no one bothered calling to let him know his unit had arrived. When he called them he was told, "Oh yeah. The container arrived last week." It never occurred to anyone to let my bro know that his container had arrived. Next was the issue of trying to schedule delivery of the unit to his home. Problem is, no one at PODS location has any discernible grasp of how production scheduling works. All they were interested in telling him is that there will be extra fees for overtime because they're so busy. Since when are the internal logistics problems at PODS any concern of the client? Thankfully, my brother is a very persuasive bloke and he takes very little guff from incompetent lackeys. Of course he paid no additional fees, but a more timid individual would likely be held up for extra charges. And then there's the challenge of trying to contact PODS. All communication and billing are handled at a centralized call center, and it's a typical call center staffed by individuals who are paid far too little to give a crap about people calling in with questions, problems, and concerns. So, if you want to contact the local location to see if the unit has arrived...no dice! You get to deal with a call center lackey. My brother did give a positive shout-out to the guys PODS sent out to empty out his home in Minneapolis and load the container. They damaged only two pieces of furniture and they didn't break near as many fragile items as he was expecting they would, so he was pretty pleased with that. Bottom line here is that until PODS matures and figures out its logistics issues, timing issues, and customer service issues, you'll do much better with U-Haul or Atlas Van Lines.
5, Excellent food, wonderful atmosphere, and exceptional service!  The waiter was sooo friendly, and the owner really did a fantastic job of going around and making sure everybody was happy.  Admittedly, we had a reservation and had to wait a bit before it was actually ready, but the owner made sure to personally apologize and explain the delay to us.  Later, he came over and talked to us about travel... Long story short, you don't find this kind of service often!  As for the food itself, I think they serve the BEST baklava I've ever had ("better than any of the baklava in Greece or Turkey or anywhere else in the Mediterranean that we tried", according to one of the other members of my group), and the rest of the food is AMAZING as well.  UPDATE: I've now come here several times (basically every time I come to Pittsburgh) and I've gotten used to just ordering a whole bunch of appetizers for my meal so that I can try a little bit of everything since everything is delicious.  Highly recommend!  This is definitely my favorite Mediterranean restaurant!
1, Please thank your head server for telling us to sit far away at a table far away from everyone because according to her our 2yo twin boys are loud. We had just walked in for 20 seconds!  Her actions made it possible to have an excellent dinner at Bachi Burger.   We have been there three previous times with the worst sounds made being the little soy sauce dishes being tossed on the floor.  We were seated at the last table in the restaurant closest to the restrooms at the time. The same person sat us that time as well. She is a shorter Asian woman with glasses.  Our boys are not children who cry throughout dinner, in fact they do not cry at all when they are out eating. Because they love food! They are the type who flirt with the other very friendly tall server and wave at the man who brought our iced teas.  You lost repeat customers who will take every chance that we get to make sure everyone knows what kind of a person you choose to employ.  Very rude and poor customer service! I have never had heard anyone works in service industry would talk to customer like that.
4, Located out in the sticks, you'll find an apple-fetishist's utopia, The Apple Factory!  I've been familiar with this place since I was a kid, and used to LOVE taking the drive over there. The place is just so laid back, with the giant apple-shaped apple stand on the side of the building, which used to sell candy apples and apple cider, though I haven't seen it open in some time. Maybe I've just been arriving at the wrong time? There's also currently a petting zoo on the other side of the building, with a coin-operated machine that dispenses feed for the animals.   Inside is your typical tiny grocery store/butcher. They do sell many specialty items that you may not find at a regular grocery store, along with pretty much anything Apple that you can think of. But all of that is foreplay to the main attraction: THE PIES. They have their own little pie patrol that bakes the freshest, most delicious homemade pies, I don't think I've ever bought one that wasn't 100% fresh and amazing.  I've never really been a pie-guy, but this place is different. And if you don't want an entire pie, they also sell slices. Their strawberry rhubarb is amazing. I've never Jason Biggs'd a pie before, but the s.r. has definitely gotten a couple of suggestive glances from me.  As for the service, the employees are always very sweet, helpful, and have been known to give out free apple cider at times.  I also can't complete this review without mentioning the Apple band. That's right, a Chuck-E-Cheese-esque Apple band is occasionally available to play on their mini-stage...you just have to catch them at the right time. Those apple rock stars can be pretty big divas.
4, We went there fairly late in the evening, and the staff was fine with two of our party trickling in late.  The atmosphere is awesome, I'm not sure if they actually revamped an old theater or just faked it very well, but it's quite beautiful. Totally 'date worthy' surroundings.  The 1st course salad bar had everything from heart of palm to pickled vegetables and cheeses, hot garlic mashed potatoes, wasabi potato salad, as well as the normal greens and veg.   We were really happy with the meat course - 8 different offerings. The only one i was iffy on was the lamb, which in itself tasted good, but seemed more like it should be it's own dinner thing with some milder food to complement the heavy spicing. It didn't really go well with the other offerings. I love lamb, and wish they could have had something a little less wacky. The Parmesan pork was ok, not great - a little bland. The various beef cuts were amazing though, and I loved the garlic chicken. Our whole party pretty much burst into laughter at the waiter 's suggestion of dessert. Their poor pastry chef doesn't get much call for work, as I think most people do NOT save room for dessert.   The on tap list was very nice, was pleased to see Crispen cider there (as I am not much of a beer drinker), and the wine list was quite large. Going to have to attempt a brunch sometime.
4, Las Vegas is a :"copy cat" city. If one show goes then all the hotels must have one like it.  The tribute shows are making the rounds ( Elvis, Neil Diamond, "Ledgends") and this tribute show to the Beatles is one of the very best in Vegas.  A real  benefit of this show is that the ticket prices are $40 -50.00. A great value when compared to other shows with ticket prices spiraling up towards $175 -200.00 The show is presented in two parts, the first part is early Beatle tunes with the four dressed in the neru jackets. The second half is later beatles music with the Fab Four changing into Sgt. Pepper Lonely Hearts Club outfits. The final song is a solo rendition of John Lennons "Imagine." Great stuff, great music and a dynamic ending with "Imagine. " This show gets you singing along with all the songs you know by heart - and it does not take much imagination for you to close your eyes and swear that the real Beatles are performing right in front of you. They play their own instruments ( unlike the Monkees ) and have the songs down pat. They even look the part.  Just really good stuff. Well, well done.  I just wish it were a little longer. The time just rockets by. Try it - you'll like it ....
5, Love love love! I cannot tell you how much I love this winery. It's right in the heart of Pittsburgh! WAIT, better yet... right in the Strip District! Our very own urban winery!  You must go visit their digs, I promise, you won't be sorry when you're sipping a delicious red or white! This space is really beyond words. As soon as you walk in you feel like you've traveled to some far away castle in a romantic foreign city. It's dimly lit, with beautiful dark wood and a fully stocked bar waiting for you to imbibe.   They have six wines right now, but the grapes are crushed fresh in house (or at least in the presence of the winemaker, Tim), so you know they're not rushing to produce a mass amount of products, just a handful of marvelous blends! My fave of the moment is the Malbec. I've been really into it for a while now and really love their blend. I honestly have had some pretty bad ones, and this is true to form. I also think this is such a white wine type of area, I'm glad to see a place putting effort into promoting the reds.  But here's the other cool thing. They have a downstairs area that matches the same cool vibe of the upstairs. It's thee perfect place for an unique event. It apparently fits around 100 and would be the perfect pick for a small reception or a hip party. I wouldn't care what kind of event it was, I'd want to crash it here!   They also offer custom labeling, so if you ever need a unique gift this is the way to go! This is seriously the way to go for a nice night out. Just go for the winerific experience and leave with a happy buzz!
5, When I saw Ike's had opened up in Mesa, I couldn't believe it. Did my beloved sandwich shop from San Francisco that's always a must-visit actually makes it way to Mesa? Once I verified that this was the real-deal Ike's, I started texting friends and family who share my love of Ike's with the good news.  I must confess that I haven't been to this location yet, but it's only because it's so close to my husband's work so he picks up our order. My guy says this is the best gluten free bread he's ever had. He almost sent back his sandwich the first time he ordered it because he thought they put it on regular bread. He's also a fan of the vegan cheese and dirty sauce since dairy doesn't agree with him either.  Being a vegetarian, Ike's is like heaven to me. Whenever there is more than two veggie options on a menu, I start to seize up with indecision (in the best way possible). Their fake breaded chicken is so good. It reminds me of the patty used in McDonald's spicy chicken sandwich (again, in the best way possible). The vegan bacon isn't as gross as it sounds although the fake fat stripes are silly looking. I added it to the Reading Rainbow, and it was delicious.
2, I was staying across the street at the Wynn and my post-Disneyland Half Marathon legs weren't really up for a lot of walking, so I suggested we check out TI for dinner. I think the buffet at Treasure Island used to be called Dishes or something and I remembered it being pretty good. Unfortunately, "The Buffet" as it's now known has declined quite a bit in quality.  First, all of the meats are pre-sliced which is crazy. The slices of prime rib were totally dried out and starting to turn grey. The turkey fared a little better, but gravy rescues pretty much everything although either the turkey or gravy was very salty. Speaking of salty, I was curious to try the pho which was, you guessed it, super salty. There is no salad bar here and instead you can get various salads made that looked really good - too bad no one was manning the counter. And finally, the most ridiculous thing of all was the pre-scooped ice cream in dishes which had melted into a soup. On the plus side, the crab legs weren't bad and I enjoyed the mini donuts and chocolate covered strawberries.  I hope this buffet gets their act together soon. Sightly unrelated, but this was my first time at TI in a long time and I couldn't stand the smell of the casino! They pump some weird coconut sunblock smell all over the place which is way worse than stale cigarette air. Yuck
1, Terrible interaction with the local community.  Let me start by clarifying an inaccurate statement, Blue Martini does not take reservations on Sunday night. They actually are attempting to change a Bar Restaurant into a Night Club on Sunday nights.  Neo-Soul, a promotion company operating on Sunday's has increased their visceral attitude toward anyone not willing to pay 300 dollars for a  bottle service on Sundays.  On Sunday August 7, 2016, I visited the Blue Martini as I always do several times a month.   During my visits I normally spend  around 100 dollars.  After checking online banking I discovered that I have spent approximately 500 dollars since mid May. Yesterday I ordered chicken wings and a cocktail around 730pm.  I waited 45 minutes for my wings.  I look forward to eating BM wings on Sunday since it is the only day that I eat Chicken.   Half way through my chicken wings a Neo soul representative came over to where I was sitting with a retired engineer.and a VA Nurse. The unknown Neo soul promoter described as early 30's, black male, bald head and bow tie, failed to introduce himself.  The first thing out of his mouth was "Other women are wondering why you have a stool to eat your dinner with. He further stated, I have to ask you if either of you two are disabled" (he clearly was the one to ask about disabilities).. I was embarrassed that he would stand by with a security officer while I ruffled through my purse in the dark for 3 minutes. I assumed he would be allowing me a reasonable accommodation after forcing me to reveal my disability and showing my credentials.  Instead he was throwing me out of my stool and escorting me way in the back where they hid chairs for Profit.  The promoters actions were consistent with some one without knowledge of Restaurant Regulations.  " if a patron orders food from a bar that patron should be afforded a proper bar stool".  Meaning,If a patron orders food from a Blue Martini Bartender at a bar and pays for the meal a bar stool,and proper eating utensils  MUST be provided. Blue Martini can't profit from a customer and then not provide a stool in order for Neo Soul to increase it profits.  The Neo Soul rep. appeared surprised when I produced my Armed forces Veterans disability ID as if he was not expecting that. I explained to him I was a Desert Storm Veteran and retired from the armed forces and Las Vegas Metro.  He then told me to grab my half eaten chicken wings in order to place me out of the way in the back.  I was not going to pay several hundred dollars for a bottle service and chicken wings to hear the same band so that I could sit down for ten minutes to eat.  I asked him if there was an emergency and why I could not eat my last two chicken wings.   I explained that it would not be unreasonable to allow a disabled veteran to finish two wings and then move.  He said "Let's take the disabled veteran out of it".  I asked why when he was the one that interjected the disability as a prerequisite to a bar stool which is inconsistent with restaurant  practices. It is also unsanitary to drag your food around in the dark .  The Neo Soul rep also felt it necessary to have a Blue Martini Security officer stand by as a "Show of Force." We took this as excessive, embarrassing and humiliating because it was for profit.  Neo Soul felt  it necessary to interrupt my dinner  so that Neo could increase profits.  Neo Soul is confusing Blue Martini with nightclub practices. Neo Soul and Blue Martini's failure to fallow guidelines of restaurant/Bar have generated a multitude of complaints.  Lastly, He continued to make the situation worse by making me stand and eat my remaining two wings.    Neo Soul claim that by removing seats people are able to get to the bar to order drinks easier are  false. The first bar where more then 25-35 bar stools remain, individuals are allowed to eat and drink around the bar with a proper bar stool.   Secondly, at 815 pm there appeared to be about 5 people at the bar on this particular night.   Lastly,the stool that was taken from me was moved to a small high table where 3 dancers immediately occupied the table.    The entire scene was mishandled and escalated by the Neo Soul rep.  The rep who hides dozens of chairs from restaurant goers was unnecessary and purely for profit.  I would like to reiterate the fact that,  You absolutely cannot make reservations. This entire "rigged system"  is sit up to increase the profits of the unprofessional Neo Soul reps desperate to make more money.   I asked  to speak with a Manager at this point.  This manager can only be described as stocky, Latino with a neatly trimmed beard.  He was extremely professional and apologized for the behavior of the Neo Soul representative's behavior.  He further stated that Neo Soul Rep was unprofessional and to contact Scotty M immediately. Additionally, he offered to purchase my chicken wings and I said "thank you but If you could give us some drink tickets instead.
4, Kitchen items/appetizers now limited to 3 orders per person. It used to be unlimited, along with all the thinly sliced beef, pork, and sliced chicken, seafood (including crab legs and shrimp), veggies that you can DIY cook in the hot pot at your table.  But for what you are getting and what they are charging, it is still a good value proposition. Come on, for $20 a person without the hassle of getting all the ingredients yourself and the cleaning up afterwards, totally worth it!   I first came to Shabu Grill all the way to this section of LV because of an UYE hosted by Debbie N.  The event was a resounding success, and we pretty much got to try as much of their menu as we were able to stuff down our faces.  So when a guys night out event was recently organized at this very same location, it was a no brainer for me.  The food is still very good, the service was just as attentive, and the experience just as positive.  The restaurant even accommodated us with extra portable hot pot setups, so 2 instead of 4 or 5 people shared each hot pot.  It just worked out better for us.  The main reason I like this place is the fact that everything for the shabu shabu portion of the dining experience is DIY, including getting the ingredients from the refrigerated cooler nearby.  I love the fact that I can get as little or as much of something, instead of being forced to finished big plates of one item before I can order more or something else.    The DIY sauce and condiments bar is pretty cool.  Not as extensive as comparable restaurants in SoCal, but you get to customize your dipping sauces as wonderfully or not so fantastically as your creativity and inner toque wearing chef would allow.  But it is pretty hard to score a TOTAL FAIL in this minor endeavor, so relax and just have a go at it.  The important thing is to have fun and enjoy this interactive meal solo, but preferably with a small group of friends.  I would totally go back, especially when the weather is still very nippy in the evening.  Note:  There is a "bar" in the front when you walk in, but they do NOT serve alcohol at this establishment.  But if you have room for some beer or other adult beverages, there is a PT in the same strip mall.    Review #2 of 2014
1, Before I get to the reason for the 1 star review let me give you a little bit of background.  I "Yelped" banh mi sandwiches for Phoenix last night because I was craving one and wanted to find out what Yelpers out there think are the best.  I was a bit surprised to see Reathrey on the list as they are not a Vietnamese restaurant, but having patronized the restaurant at least a half dozen times, I decided to read through the reviews.    My boyfriend and I originally went to the restaurant after reading the glowing article in Phoenix Magazine.  Our first visit there was pretty uneventful.  We ordered the Mi Keaw soup, spring rolls and the crepe (which by the way was served slightly burned with that side facing down- but I never complain about my food and ordered it again on later visits).  My only real complaint that first evening was the incredibly uncomfortable bench seating.  On subsequent visits we opted for the tables in the center of the space.  I have tried a number of different things on the menu and while having no other Cambodian food to compare it to I find it to be just meahhh.  My boyfriend on the other hand loves the Mi Keaw soup and has ordered it as take out a number of times and is the reason for our repeat business.  In my opinion the Pho at many valley Vietnamese restaurants is much tastier.  Okay - back to the reason for the one star review.  So here I was reading through the reviews when I started coming across the owner's incredibly RUDE, SARCASTIC, CONDESCENDING, DISRESPECTFUL and downright UNACCEPTABLE responses to his less than stellar reviews.  I have three words for you GET OVER YOURSELF!!! I don't care if you are running a Michelan star rated restaurant (which CLEARLY you are not) that type of disgusting behavior will run your business into the ground.  I, for one, will be spreading the word and NOT in a good way.    Sincerely, A very disappointed EX-patron
1, This last year, I finally saved up for the down payment on a car. I needed one very badly, having been using a relative's vehicle for several months, but that they now needed back. I had planned ahead and done my research, and wanted a Ford CMax Hybrid. My work offered a discount/cash-back deal through Cars.com, so I submitted the request and my info was sent to Berge. My plan was to take advantage of the 4th of July weekend specials.  I was almost immediately sent an email from a salesman named Chris. He wanted to know what I was looking for in a vehicle. I replied right away with the details... But the only email address given was a generic one, nothing direct. There was no response. A few days later, he sent me another email, this time with a map to the dealership, but with no indication my reply was received. I replied back, asking for some quotes, but again got no response. I was anxious with the impending July 4th weekend, but held hope I could still make contact. I decided to call.   Unfortunately, the only number he gave me was his personal cell. That Friday after work, I called and was immediately sent to voicemail. I got a text saying he was at dinner, but would return my call. I left a voicemail explaining that I badly needed a car, either from him or someone else at the dealership, and that he hasn't actually replied to my emails (maybe he forgot to check the general inbox?) and I asked him to call me  back ASAP. I really needed the July 4th specials.   The weekend came and went, no reply from Chris. Frustrated, I went to a different dealership in Scottsdale and worked with wonderful people, and that next weekend negotiated a deal on a beautiful CMax that made up for missing out on both the holiday weekend deals and the cash-back deal through my work. TWO WEEKS LATER Chris emails me to say their servers were out of commission, which is why he didn't get my emails, and he would love to help me into a car (this all being said in poor spelling and no caps or punctuation ).  My brother was a car salesman for awhile, so I have a pretty good idea how it goes. I was only given his personal cell number so he could make sure he got my sale instead of anyone else. I'm also an IT student, so I have a very hard time believing their servers were down for two whole weeks. Either they have the worst tech support in the history of ever, or I was put off so I wouldn't have to be offered a holiday deal. Plus, what, did you not check your voicemail??   My experience here was beyond unprofessional. I'm glad, now, that I went where I did for my car. Berge only saw my business as a number. I will never shop with them.
3, In a world gone mad there is very little someone can hold on to as true, as right, as constant. Rex Marvin is that person. Rex Marvin's search for the greatest food and the most huffable gasoline makes him the tragic figure that in literature would get the girl, save the day, and have the most severed heads in jars in his basement (if it was a Disney book).  The good news people, is that all of those things in real life are true.  If you consider a graveside ditch near the freeway to be a "basement".  Rex does. Recently, Rex was accosted for no reason.  Rex and his woman, Three Legged Midget Maggie, were minding our own business.  Rex was casually tossing TLMM up in the air until she was able to grab onto a ledge and let herself in.  Rex tossed her and she didn't come down. A sure sign that TLMM has accomplished her mission. Rex turns around to have 4 metro cops staring at him. They were big. They were not smiling.  Rex decided to break the ice.  Rex asked "How many buy one get one free garden hose or industrial blacktop sealant coupons does it take to get 4 cops to walk away and pretend like they saw nothing?" The next thing Rex knew he saw flashes of light. Rex smiled. Darkness. Rex woke up on the floor of a squad car while the cops talked about the loser they beat and were taking into custody. It must have been someone else.  Rex's left eye was shut but he saw that they had stopped at a gas station. They talked about food. They were getting gas station pasta. The smaller one looked back to check on Rex, and said that he was in the mood for "frozen noodles in sauce". Rex closed his eyes and tried not to vomit at the idea. He felt with his food that the back door wasn't closed all the way. Rex dislocated his wrists, slipped off the cuffs, and pushed the door open...and much like the time Rex woke up in Candice Bergen's bedroom...he was out before something that could never been taken back happened.  Not going to jail...no Rex can do hard time...but smelling heated frozen pasta is something that Rex will not endure.  Rex has endured more than most. Remember, Rex lived in drag as Jodi Foster's lesbian lover for 3 years...Rex HAS ENDURED! Still everyone has a line not to cross. One of Rex's is frozen pasta...the other is participating in the underground black market 8 track tape racket...lucrative, but Rex only needs to lose 3 toes to know that some money just isn't worth it. Rex has brains.  Rex needed to cleanse himself from the memory of that awful experience...so Rex ran. He crawled. He climbed into someone's trunk. He eventually reached the closest place he could find...Manhattan Pizza.  It is in a strip mall behind a bank and near a place that sells fancy popcorn, and none of that bodes well...but ignore the warning signs and go in.  There are a few staples in an Italian restaurant, and one of them is the Chicken Parm. If you can't make a lights out Chicken Parm then you should close your doors. Manhattan makes a very good one. The chicken is tender, the batter is crispy, the mozzarella is good and the sauce is great. Their red sauce is excellent. Just the right amount of garlic and acidity. The pasta is always cooked well, never over cooked and mushy. The next is meatballs. Manhattan makes a very good meatball; it is almost all meat and no unnecessary fillers. Lastly, can it make a pizza...a great pizza...and Manhattan...excels! Rex is more the New York style pizza kind of man. If you like a doughy crust, you are a hick, and this place might not be for you. They do put a lot of toppings on it, and that is a good thing.  The truth about Manhattan is the same truth people say about Rex Marvin...almost everything is good.  There isn't too much Rex hasn't tried he didn't like. The fried foods are all good, with a nod to the mozzarella sticks.  The pastas are all good and have good sauces.  The Alfredo could have some more parmesan cheese in it for Rex's taste, but you shake some more on and it is good.    The prices are too high. Period. The food is good, but Rex finds himself not going because for the same amount of money there are better options. If they dropped the prices Rex would eat there a lot more.  There are a lot worse places to go than Manhattan especially for the pizza. They do a very good job at New York style pizza, not perfect but a very good job.  They obviously care and try hard to make a quality product.  Sometimes they succeed better than others, but it is never awful. Rex can appreciate that. Just like Three Legged Midget Maggie, sometimes it takes a few throws, but she always tries. She always gives an effort...and in the end of the day...that means something.  Rex doesn't know what it means, but it means something.  Mahattan isn't Rex's first choice. It isn't even his second or third, but in a pinch it is good. It is really a 2 1/2 star place. Order right, catch it on the right night, it can be very good. Normally it is just above good. For the money, you can do better than good.
1, Honestly the looks the girls give my fiancé and myself when we come in for each appointment is disgusting, to feel judged and looked at a certain way for absolutely no reason bugs me to no end, they don't know my life they don't know her life they don't know our ages or one single thing about either of us, to add on to that we have had 3 reschedules for 2 appointments now, 2 reschedules for one single appointment in which we were pushed out one week further and again one week further until they got their stuff figured out and can successfully schedule a consistent appointment schedule, we had our first ultrasound today and the woman who did the ultrasound was just an angry woman in which you are putting your trust in to measure and check your babies health and anatomy, she was rude to my fiancé when my fiancé was asking one simple question she replied with I need to focus right now, just let me do these measurements, to add to this whole ordeal, the environment of this office is just not good at all, who watches murder shows on TV with children present in the lobby and blood and gore all over the screen? We were anxiously anticipating an answer on the blood work we did from our last appointment and was not given a single answer and why you ask? Because they showed that we missed our appointment to get it done and we were told that we needed to get it done ASAP, well if you guys actually communicated to the lab office and did your paperwork correctly you would have seen that we went in a did do the lab work just as you told us to do so, we do our part as parents and are consistent with our things in life, don't try to blame us for missing an appointment to get the most important lab work done, which was testing for Down syndrome and other birth defects, would have really loved to know the results to the blood work for our first child. Thanks! One last thing, to the girl who has the short black hair at the front desk and the dermal on her neck who keeps giving myself and my fiancé dirty looks, if you don't like what you do then get a different job and quit staring you may be unhappy but don't make everyone's life as miserable as yours, all of these reviews speak for themselves I would suggest going somewhere else, ANYWHERE else than this place, I would avoid this place at all costs, save yourself the headaches and anger from the disrespectful girls at the front desk
4, We ate here about a month ago, on a Friday night. Unfortunately, we had just missed their happy hour pricing. I'm not a sushi (or seafood) person so I tried to go in with an open mind since I was the only one in our group who didn't eat sushi. They all loved most of the choices of the rolls they got, the only exception was the appetizer that was ordered. For the price, it was NOT worth it! Was maybe 4 bites worth of food. There was one other sushi roll that wasn't worth the price but I do not remember which one it was. Other than those two things, the rolls were awesome and they almost couldn't finish everything.   Since I don't eat seafood, I got the chicken katsu. I do believe that it was overpriced for what you got ($14 for 1 chicken breast, a little rice, soup, and a tiny salad) BUT, it was delicious! We are planning on going back to celebrate my husband's birthday there this weekend and I can't wait to order the katsu again and he's looking forward to the Vegas, Dragon, and Blue Flame rolls.   Short version- good options if you don't eat seafood, awesome sushi rolls but go during happy hour, somewhat overpriced but not enough to keep us away for right now
4, I've been here a few times before and thought it was decent. A friend is moving out of state and we were gathering for a good bye party for her. I worked a very long day but made a special effort to get to the party at OP. I did have my 2 yr old tot on my hip as I didn't get to see him since he woke up this morning and his bedtime wasn't far off, so I didn't want leave him with a sitter and therefore not see him at all. I wasn't planning on staying long. When I asked the hostess about the party that I knew was already seated, she informed me I couldn't go in since I had my son. She said they have a strict no one under 21 policy at all hours. I read a review from January that mentioned  kids, and they don't say that on their website, but ok. I explained the situation, and asked her if I might just visit the table to drop off the card and let my friend know that I couldn't stay. She said no. No offer to take the card in for me, no offer to let my friends know that I was outside and not allowed in, just simply no. And so, that will be my last visit there.  Update: the GM reached out to my friend who booked the party, and then mailed me a personal letter of apology and a gift card. Went there after the first of the year, received great service, the food was wonderful. Nice change from the prior visit.
3, The first time I was at El Cafecito, I wasn't all too impressed. I remembered a number of dead wasps or flies on the windowsill beside me. Ever since then, I dreaded going back. It was not pleasant being in a cafe that wasn't so clean (chilling with the wasps, does that sound like a good cafe experience to you?).  But second time was the charm when I came in, impressed with how full the cafe was. The previous year I went, there were a lot fewer customers. However, despite being full, the cafe was quiet as people worked away or kept their nose behind the newspaper. And no more bugs on the windowsill! Yayy!  To get in touch with its Latin American roots, El Cafecito offers dancing lessons after the cafe closes down and changes the place into a dance floor. They have tango every Wednesday and salsa every Thursday between 7 PM to 10/11 PM. So if you are looking for something new to try, why not with some fun dance lessons to bring out your inner dancing queen/king? With some coffee on the side of course.  Overall, I think this is a sweet place for people who would like to study or work in peace but still be surrounded by people (does that make sense?). It's one of the reasons why I whole-heartedly love cafes: in order to work with an environment full of people. Despite it being full, for this trip and the one I did after, it was as quiet as the library, except for the light instrumental music in the background.
1, WORST SERVICE EVER . AVOID AVOID AVOID   I came here for my birthday dinner and made a reservation for 10 .when we arrived we got two tables one got all you can eat and another got the woonam and couple choice. Each one you can choose 3 meats and get soy bean soup. So while we were ordering our meats ( that was available on both sections ) she was saying how we choose too much from one list , so we ordered 4 meats and two portions of two of them.  - we asked for water, received it after 20 minutes of asking and we never saw them again  -asked for soybean paste never got it   As we started getting full I noticed that we had only gotten one soy bean soup and nothing else, later when I had to go pay I asked about our soups and she said "oh, you didn't get it, I guess I left it at the wrong table " like wtf? not even an apologize. After we received the check and people pulled out cards and cash she started to sigh and look annoyed so I just paid and left. It wasn't until after we paid and left we realized we never got one of the meats.   This is out raging how horrible the service is , the food was good but it can't make up for how horrible the service was .
5, This is why I am giving this place 5 stars. Let me start from the beginning. I was invited to a wedding for November 26. I planned my whole trip from Denver, Colorado the whole month. I bought an expensive dress and made sure I had everything I needed for that special day. On November 25th I don't know what the heck happened but my neck Popped!   Yeah my next popped and I could not move my neck! I swear I cried all day because I was in pain. I stayed home thinking by the next day I would feel better. Nope. I was worse. So I looked up for a chiropractor. Keep in mind I also don't have health insurance because that is expensive as hell.   I find this place and it has 5 stars. I call and this amazing nice lady answered the phone. I forgot her name unfortunately but she was so sweet. She told me to go in and the doctor would see me.   I go in and immediately they start working on me. I apparently tore a muscle and that is why I was in pain and could not move my head! I was scared and I talked to Dr. Brandon Wentzel about the wedding I was going to be attending at 6 that day. He promised to make me better and that I would be able to move.   Guess what? He did! I left the doctor place able to move and even though I still had pain it lowered from a 10 to 1!   SO happy to have been able to go here and have two people take care of me and make me better. Thank you so much.   Plus it was not pricey and did not cost me an arm and a leg!  Thank you so much!
4, 7-18-2015  I don't normally  write reviews for places that have been reviewed many times by others as I think it's redundant, but I recently ate lunch at Green Valley Ranch Buffet and was pleasantly surprised that the quality of the food was so much better than the other Station Casinos that I thought it deserved to be reviewed.  I visited on a Saturday and the Casino was very busy.  There was a line for the Buffet and it took about 20 minutes to get in.  I was seated and noticed that the chair was comfortable, something I hadn't noticed before.  I tried samples of various food.  The Chicken was cooked properly and had a good flavor.  The Mexican Rice was really good as was the taco meat, seasoned well and was tasty.  The BBQ sausage was good, and so were the BBQ Chicken Wings.  The BBQ Ribs were tender and tasty.  I had Apple Cobbler and Carrot Cake with frozen Vanilla Yogurt (Ice Cream?) on top.  The quality of everything I ate was better than what is served at other Station Casinos.  The service was good and my drink was filled as needed and dirty plates were removed in a timely manner.  The wait staff was busy but were friendly and asked me if I needed anything several times.  Sometimes it's the little things that make the difference or add to a pleasant dinning experience and I think GVR got it right this time.
5, We dropped in for dinner at Aloette for the first time this week and I'm glad we did. This is my favourite  new restaurant of 2017. Aloette is the casual sister to Alo, upstairs. The room is long and narrow, and feels like a cross between a classic diner and an upscale train dining car. Waiters bustle around the tight space creating a fun, busy atmosphere.  We sat at the bar. No reservations are taken but we walked right in at 6:00.  We started with beef tartare and fried smelts. The tartare was good and went well with the fresh horseradish included. Smelts were crispy and lightly battered. A nice surprise were the fried jalapenos that went surprisingly well with the fish. The real star though was the free cheesy toast and butter.  The mains were absolutely delicious. The cornish hen was cooked perfectly crispy and was an umami explosion with mushrooms and spinach, but could have used a tiny bit more salt and/or sauce. The burger with fried cheese on top was fantastic. Now that the Harbord Room is closed I think this is now my favourite restaurant burger in Toronto.  For dessert we had the apple pie sundae and a cup of strong coffee.  Service was impeccable. My wife was given samples of two wines to compare when she couldn't decide, a touch that I always appreciate. The wine list could be a bit more extensive but this is a quibble. A fantastic new spot. We will be back.
3, Gave this restaurant 3 stars mostly because of the service.   We ordered  - Spring Rolls (average) - Crispy Egglplant (AMAZING) - Kung Pao Chicken (good/average) - Chow Mein with Vegetables (good but very oily) - Fried Non-Vegan Cherry Chocolate Chip Ice Cream (Would recommend but ask for flavor availability)  I came here with my family of four while the establishment was somewhat busy for lunch. The biggest issue was that there were only 2 waitresses who were both taking orders and serving food, which made the service very slow. The waitress took about 10 minutes to come around to our table and forgot to ask for what drinks we wanted until I mentioned it. In addition, it took a while to get either waitress' attention when we need ed napkins or extra utensils. Lastly, we had ordered the the Fried Ice Cream with Mango Ice Cream, however, our waitress failed to mention that they only had one flavor of ice cream. When we told her about the mistake, she just curtly explained that they only had one flavor in stock. It was just a frustrating experience.  Overall, the food was good, but the service lacking. I would come back to eat the Crispy Eggplant because it was SO GOOD.
5, This place is without a doubt, the BEST BBQ IN ILLINOIS. My boyfriend went to U of I and we somehow stumbled upon this hidden gem. Well, I suppose it's not so hidden since there is usually a long wait. But don't be discouraged! The wait is well worth it, I promise.   Try to make your way through the door, find the guy in charge, and put your name on the list. There's not much space in this place. I guess that would be my one complaint. It can get pretty crunched, especially if you're waiting. However, what is better to tide you over than a delicious beer? Now, let's talk about this beer.  They have new selections on tap all the time. Please, do your beer pallet a favor and don't order the usual domestics and imports (Miller, Bud, Heiniken, Corona, etc). Those are just fine for any regular restaurant. Why miss the glorious opportunity to try something mind-blowingly good? Seriously, these beers are amazing. They come from different breweries across the country. Places/companies you've never heard of. Combinations of flavors you would never think to try. I once had an oyster beer here. Sounds disgusting but it was so good. Trust me on that. I'm very picky and I liked it. You can also get a flight of 7 beers on a dogbone shaped tray (how fitting!). This flight has all the beers that are on tap in 4 oz glasses. You can share them with a friend and then order the one you like best!  Now, on to the food. So SO good. There are a few different sauce choices you can get. Not being one for spicy, I get the Georgia Peach. It is soo good on anything you get. There is no bad item on this menu. The pulled pork is amazing as are the hamburgers. Hard to believe a hamburger could be so good, but it is. The brisket is also amazing. They cook it for 12 hours. How could it not be? Try to get here relatively early though, because some items like the brisket run out later in the evening. While it's a bummer, think of it as a good thing. This way, you know they're not just heating it in the microwave. They cook it, and once it's gone, it's gone. Oh and the fries are amazing, whether you get the regular or sweet potato.  I know this was a long review, but I really can't say enough about this place. I'm obsessed. It's a bummer that my bf graduated so we can't go all the time since we live near Chicago. However, I will make any excuse to go down. Going there this weekend for Halloween. Can't wait to visit my favorite BBQ place in all the land!
5, I started going here more than 15 years ago (I think, more than 10 for sure).  I was referred here by my relative that knows the now famous Clarance, the owner of the place.  I told him I am the niece of such and such and he said he remembers them.  I didn't have insurance for glasses then he gave me a very reasonable price.  He is very friendly and chatty, and despite our age difference (I am probably not much older than his children) we became quick and great friends.  I even go over just to chat after I got my glasses. Now years later, he is still a good friend, and everytime I go in he always ask about my grandma.  It is hard to find good service nowadays, and he kept it up all these years.  His business had grown (and I have to admit I had send some friends there also) and you might need to wait a bit longer for his "personal" service, but the other workers are very nice and helpful too.  His prices are still reasonable and with great selections.  I can't imagine to go anywhere else for glasses now.
3, I wanted to explore Brookline and decided to stop here based on the reviews.I have to admit that I was expecting a lot more. But sometimes they say, "less is more," right? The place is definitely really old school and fairly run down, a grease pit. The menu that I was ordering from confused me a bit because I was wondering, where were all the Greek items such as pastitsio, moussaka, saganaki, bakalava, and spanakopita?!?!?   People have said that the menu was downsized but the only thing I could find that was greek was Gyros, Falafel and dolmades and souvlaki and I went with the Gyro. The Gyro was indeed huge and the meat was flavorful but the veggies were close to the end of their shelf life. The fries that came with the meal were crap actually, I know that they are fresh cuts fries so lets make sure that they are cooked all the way through and have some sort of uniformity in size and the oil that they were fried in was obviously fairly old. The fries were on a greasiness level of their own. I have never had such soggy fries.   The service was certainly some of the most friendly I have had in sometime and the proce for the Gyro combo really is hard to beat it came in right around $6. So if anyone can tell me what I'm missing since this place is such a renowned Brookline establishment please do so.
5, Chop Chop Wok is as good as it gets for me as far as Chinese food is concerned. I feel it is more of a 4 1/2 star place, but I had to round up because they are just so pleasant here & when you are waiting on an order, they will actually walk it out to your car. Now that is like Nordstrom/Nob Hill type service right there! Btw, Nob Hill is an upscale grocery store in NorCal & I know all my NorCal peeps will get that reference ;)  So...the food is really tasty here & the ingredients are nice & fresh. The beef broccoli is some of the best I have had. The beef is really quite good. Not at all like that weird tasting & texturally displeasing mystery meat usually found in this dish. And the broccoli is nice & crunchy & has a nice fresh, bright green look to it. I also LOVE the Lo Mein! Lol, which is actually Chow Mein, at least where I'm from. Either way, it is on point. They also have really good lunch specials & you definitely cannot beat the prices here.  I am SUPER picky when it comes to Chinese food & I will not just go anywhere. There has to be some sort of buzz or word of mouth about a place before I will try it. So, I would like to thank all of my fellow Yelpers that helped me decide on trying Chop Chop Wok. And to the staff, I think you all are great & you treat people with great warmth & friendliness. Not as customers, but as friends or an extended hungry family member ;)
1, I've been dining at Pei Wei locations all over the Valley for years and years. After moving to Ahwatukee from Central Phoenix a couple of years ago, this location became the closest to me. It used to be reliable and consistent but the last several times I've been, the quality has really suffered.   A few months ago I ordered some take-out for my family.  After getting it home and going to eat my meal, I realized that my order was very wrong.  Now I'd become accustomed to this location forgetting things like sauces for the appetizers, napkins, soy sauce and fortune cookies (things that are supposed to be included with take-out), but my dish was inedible to me.    I called to complain, the manager was apologetic and offered that I come back and pick up a replacement OR he would send me a gift card to replace my meal.  Since I have an infant that I needed to get to bed, I opted for the gift card.  A month or so went by and my husband suggested Pei Wei.  That's when I realized that I never received the replacement gift card!  We ordered and when my husband picked it up, he mentioned the issue we had the last time and they gave him a discount.  As usual, things were missing from the order (no appetizer sauce, napkins, fortune cookies, etc.) and the food was just okay.  Tonight we ordered again, this time the food was just horrible.  Bland, no taste whatsoever for either of our dishes!  I ordered the new Korean BBQ with chicken (I had it before) and really liked it.  My husband had the same but with tofu and vegetables.  Neither of us thought the food was good at all.  The sauce which is normally very tasty was so bland and watery that it literally ran off of the chicken.  The 'salad' that comes with it was wilted and soggy, clearly not fresh.  And as expected, no sauce for the crab wontons, no napkins, no soy sauce & no fortune cookies.    I don't think we will be going back anytime soon - at least not to this location - they really need to get it together.  We're tired of the issues every time we eat in or get take-out from here.
4, The neighbourhood needed a place like this! It's a little piece of King West transplanted at College and Yonge. Above Toronto's landmark breakfast place Fran's, Screen Lounge is a 2-level resto-lounge - I can see hanging out in the sleek indoor bar area this winter, but during this extremely hot summer, it's the roof-top patio all the way. It's got a huge outdoor seating area, comfortable and modern red-and-black-cushioned patio furniture and back-lit bar that looks very Miami as the sun goes down. The chill-out music sounding from the speakers adds to that 'sit-here-and-chillax-for-as-long-as-you-want' vibe.  Prices are a bit steep for this area (like I said, think King West!) but the staff is super-attentive and the food portions are a good size.  They've got some creative sushi rolls (try the Canadian, wrapped in bacon) and tasty tempura appetizers. It would be great if you could order Fran's brunch on the rooftop patio on a Saturday or Sunday morning...I hope that is in the works!  The lounge is pretty new, so it was quiet, but I can see it picking up once word gets around. The place is called Screen Lounge because at dusk, they screen old black and white movies on the patio - complete with old fashioned popcorn machine, should you get a craving.
2, The craft beers are very good, but that's about it. The BBQ had been sitting under a warmer far too long, and I wasn't really clear on the seafood/BBQ connection. Might be a nice place to hang out on a Friday or Saturday night drinking with friends, but the energy is lacking, the food is overpriced and not all that, and the menu doesn't make much sense. AVOID ANY OF THE FRIED ITEMS on the menu since it's pretty obvious they never change their cooking oil and everything tastes the same-- terrible-- and is WAY over-cooked. Their fries, cajun or otherwise, are like eating a mouthful of table salt. Awful! Stick with the bags and corn and you'll be OK.   There's really nothing special about the place that would recommend it over other similarly-themed sports bars in the area, and the manager could use a visit from Jake Tapper at Bar Rescue. No effort is made to make the outside patio tolerable during the summer so nobody eats there. What a waste. The restaurant itself is located way in the back corner of a strip mall where the confined location guarantees it will be like an oven.
4, On every Las Vegan's "Off-the-Strip-Dining" list probably lies Marche Bacchus, a charming bistro and wine market overlooking a peaceful lake away from the main strip.  The diverse French cuisine will appeal to Francophiles, and the comprehensive wine selection will appeal will oenophiles.  The French have always done brunch well (partially due to their social belief that drinking after 12 pm is acceptable, even admirable).  Marche Bacchus is my favorite place to go in Vegas for a brunch that makes me forget I live in the Mojave dessert.  Also, the restaurant offers both their brunch and lunch menu at this time, which offer many more authentic choices than just their dinner menu.  If it's spring in Vegas, I order the Moules Frites, mussels in white wine butter sauce with crusty baguette, a light and delicious classic that Marche does well; don't forget the Mimosa.    If it's summer, I order the lobster avocado croissant, pair it with a Riesling from the market; the sweetness of the Riesling highlights the lobster and brings out the richness of the avocado.    If it's fall, I order the duck confit & fettucini pasta, it's a calorie splurge but completely worth it.    And if it's winter, I get the Les Oeufs En Meurette, three perfect poached eggs in hearty red wine sauce with ham and mushrooms; it's a dish that warms your stomach, and your heart; break some rules and order a glass of Cotes Du Rhone with it: red wine works for daytime when it's Vegas harsh dry winter.  Dessert is their weakness.  I haven't fallen in love with any Marche Bacchus sweets; although I daydream about imported truffles from La Maison Du Chocolat or Patrick Roger whenever I visit.
1, I was craving a bagel sandwich but was pretty tired of TH's, so when I saw this place online I was eager to try it out.  The other reviews didn't hurt either, so I made the effort to go there.  I cannot begin to say how bad it was.   I ordered an egg salad sandwich on a bagel and coffee. A simple enough order, or so I thought.  How bad could it be, you're thinking?    Let me tell you:  undercooked eggs with bright yellow, hard jelly-like yolks, chopped in HUGE chunks with an enormous amount of tasteless, gooey mayonnaise on a Montreal sesame seed bagel (the bagel was good).    Salt, pepper or any kind of seasoning never saw that 'egg salad'.  It was served with potato chips and a side order of POTATO SALAD??  and a pickle.   Talk about a starch redundancy!   The coffee was tepid at best, and the milk I poured into it had some suspicious looking 'flakes' on the coffee that made me think it's last good day was yesterday.     The presentation was attractive, but what good is that when the food was almost inedible??   I spent almost $9 for food that I could not stomach.  There is a sign on the wall announcing a change in management, which I could possibly have forgiven their lack of knowledge of menu prep if the changeover date wasn't listed as 2010!!  The people serving me were Japanese, and I suspect they don't know anything about Jewish deli at all.  They really should stick to what they know best, and that isn't deli any way shape or form.  DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY.
5, This is a gym that takes a more personal approach to fitness and nutition.  The trainers will tailor your workout to your goals, take into account your injuries and provide a lot of encouragement.  The members are very welcoming and friendly.  My session today was led by the owner, James Wong.  He tailored the workout for me, since it was my first time and I had a lot of stiffness and injuries to work around.  I really appreciated that.  This is my first time of ever joining a gym like this so I really didn't know what to expect.  What I found was a lot of personal and individual attention to your specific goals and fitness level.    My package includes an initial assessment, unlimited training and yoga sessions, The Fit Labs Diet and Exercise Journal, The Fit Labs Diet guide, up to 2 sessions per month with a Fit Labs Coach and unlimited email support.   Even after my workout today, James texted me to find out how I was feeling and see if I needed anything.  That's amazing personal attention!    It's going to be fun working out here and meeting new fitness friends!
4, The Peoria Red Robin is super convenient for the avid movie goer since it's located right across the street from the best movie theater.   The service is fast and friendly and the atmosphere is casual and modern. We have been coming to Red Robin for years and I will say I miss their old decor of old movie posters and random nostalgic trinkets from years past.   The seats are comfy and the booths are roomy (fluffy friendly). And each table is equipped with a tablet that lets you order drinks, appetizers, desserts, and your meal (or you could just wait for your server but it is a time saving tool for sure)- and pay.   The food is hot and fresh! You can customize your burger order with a variety of buns which is a plus and they offer bottomless fries AND broccoli. Kinda nice that they offer healthier options but I'll stick with the steak fries. Be sure to sprinkle the table-side seasoning on your fries too for the extra kick in flavor.   And did I mention there is a full bar here too? Let's also not forget about bottomless root beer floats! Yes, you read that right - bottomless. Root. Beer. Floats.
4, I am a huge Bobby Flay fan and was so happy to finally try his food firsthand.  At first, I was really turned off by the "tex-mex" concept and even the name "Mesa Grill" didn't sound too appetizing, but we took a risk... and Bobby delivered.  We came here for my husband's 27th birthday and he had a wonderful time.  SERVICE:  5 Solid Stars!  The hostesses sat our party right away even though not everyone was there.  We were immediately served water and asked if we wanted any cocktails.  I really loved our waiter.  He wasn't just polite and attentive, but he was also engaging us in wonderful conversation throughout our meal.  He talked to us about how long he had been working there, and what Bobby's like... and he knew the menu like the back of his hand.  It was like having a new friend dine with us throughout the duration of our meal.  I wish I caught his name so I can give him props!  FOOD: Bread Basket - 2 stars.  They start you off with a variety of breads.  There was a jalapeno one, another one with some blue corn in it, and a third one that I can't recall.  All were very unique, but unfortunately, I wasn't a fan.  I didn't think the bread was very soft or moist, and the flavors didn't do it for me.  Kudos for thinking outside the box though.  The butter also wasn't the soft, spreadable kind.  Blue Corn Pancake - 5 stars.  This appetizer came highly recommended by our server.  There was barbecued duck inside pancake (like a glorified taco), and a habanero chili star-anise sauce drizzled all over it.  The flavors all worked so well together to deliver an explosion of flavors in my mouth.  Spanish Chorizo Quesadilla - 4 stars.  This was larger than expected!  It is pretty filling and could easily be substituted for a meal as a filler.  Or you can split this between 2-3 people and share it as an appetizer.  It's a pretty heavy dish and hard to eat too much of.  There's a large fried egg on top of a tortilla.  Embedded in the tortilla is smoked tomato salsa, grilled green onion, and crispy artichokes.    For our entree, my husband and I shared the New Mexican Spice-Rubbed Pork Tenderloin even though I was realllly eyeing the 22 ounce bone-in Ribeye.  The waiter said the pork tenderloin was their signature dish so that's why we ordered it even though I'm not a huge fan of pork.  It wasn't until the dish arrived that we were convinced we had made the right choice!!  WOW, that was one tender, delicious, savory, melt-in-your-mouth piece of meat.  The spice rub added a bit of heat, and I can easily say this is the best piece of pork I've ever been served.  It came with a side of the most amazing tamale.  I can't even begin to describe how good it was.  You just have to try it.  5 Stars for this entire dish!!!  I sampled some of the other dishes from my friends, but the pork dish was the definite standout.  My friend ordered the lamb chops, but they tasted a bit gamey and weren't as tender as they could've been.  The pan seared Halibut was tender and flaky paired with a lovely curry spice reduction.  I'd give both these dishes 4 stars.    All in all a wonderful experience.  Glad I finally got to try one of Bobby's restaurants!
4, Wow  wow wow. Great ice-cream and pure fun to eat.   Our group ordered the following combos  1. Cookies and cream cookies with strawberry cheesecake ice cream with hot fudge on top  2. Peanut butter cookie and white chocolate macadamia nut with butter pecan and Heath bar bits  3. Chocolate chip cookie white chocolate macadamia nut salted caramel fudge ice cream with Heath bar pieces  The ice cream is rich and thick.  The cookies are satisfactory. The chocolate chip was similar to a basic  Toll House recipe. Which I find rather boring   The blandness of that type of cookie is a good platform for the ice cream   The strawberry cheesecake ice cream had chunks of strawberry cheesecake in it. The taste was excellent   The butter pecan was lacking in flavour ..... Would give that flavour a miss next time  The real winner was the salted caramel fudge ice cream. The caramel was so warm and inviting and then the super huge chunks of fudge were amazing.   The heath bar tipping added that extra toffee taste the was "the icing on the cake"  The fudge on the strawberry cheesecake combo didn't add much to the dessert. Also made it near impossible to pick up. Although ordered on the side (if possible ) and dunking the cookie ice cream creation sounds rather like a good option.   The servings are really generous and the three of us left with a sugar overlaid. Next time I am going to share one
1, Absolute WORST EXPERIENCE. I do love Hooters Wings, but won't EVERRR GO BACK HERE. Extremely EXHAUSTED I DECIDED TO GO DOWN TO THE HOOTERS RESTAURANT. Unbeknownst to me it takes over 45 mins to get a 10 pc wings to go. So I thought. After waiting over 40 mins while sitting at the bar, I asked the hostess "does it normally take this long?". She replied "what did you have?" I stated a 10 pc Hot. She turned grab a bag and said "well we didn't know where you went"........ ummmmmm at the same bar you brought my water and receipt to. ON THE SAME CHAIR!!!!!!   I asked for the Manager and Mikey comes up and immediately starts to explain how long the wings take.......I'm looking really puzzled now. I'm focused on the customer service aspect of being notified that my order was ready then handed a bag with cold wings. I verrrrrryyyyyyy calmly stated Mikey I'm simply providing feedback on my experience and food takes time to cook I understand that, HOWEVER BETTER POLICIES SHOULD BE IN PLACE IN REGARDS TO YOUR TO-GO CUSTOMERS.
1, I love being proven wrong about celebrity chef-endorsed restaurants;  Carnevino in the Venetian put me off making fun of Mario Batali forever.  His emblazoned name means some tasty meats, let me tell you.   But this restaurant has done nothing for Mr. Flay's Southwestern recipes.    A friend and I had lunch at MESA today, and before I get into the gory details, let me say the wait staff and bus service was very great.  Helpful on all sorts of problems;   for instance, there was a bug that crawled out of my friend's salad, stretched its little bug legs, and sat around for a minute while we waved down the help.     We assumed the bug had been knocked senseless by the over-seasoning of the lamb in the Cobb salad.  And over-seasoning is ridiculous here!   My pork tenderloin sandwich with Southwestern fries was like being double-teamed by rubs and seasoning salt.  Now the tenderloin was tender, but like my friend's lamb, there was no tasting of anything but chilis.     Without like an aioli or some kind of dill yogurt to give your mouth a rest, it all just blends into generic spice tastes.    Adding in the heavyness of the dishes such as the recommended goat cheese queso fundido (Which was very delicious, but served with generic and easily breaking nachos)  you are left queazy and overfilled.  20 minutes after our meal, on which the salad was comped and we were given free creme brulees (chocolate toffee, so rich and creamy), I began to feel very ill.   I ended up doubled-over in a forums restroom, the final and worst part of it all.  I think of it as a science experiment, and sometimes science produces great things.  Sometimes you irradiate yourself.  This was more of the latter.   A lot of nice little things, such as the help and appetizers, but outweighed by a couple unforgivable offenses.   I also don't like a meal so poorly spiced that it causes my body to actually reject it.    Sorry Bobby, maybe you should return and retune.
2, I've eaten at Akahana 8-10 times. I love sushi and can't resist a bogo offer. But I've never been completely satisfied with the food. We've had the salt and pepper calamari on multiple occasions - sometimes delicious, sometimes over cooked and inedible. Food inconsistency is such a bummer. Most recently I called in an order for sushi take out. When picking up my order, I asked the attendant (whom I later found out was the manager) for some low sodium soy sauce. He seemed annoyed that I asked, grabbed a small, unmarked clear plastic container and handed it to me. Upon arriving home to enjoy my meal, I noticed an odd fishy smell about my food. Noooo! After a couple of bites of sushi I had to stop and toss it --- the rolls tasted like funky fish! I called Akahana and spoke with the manager who gave me the soy sauce, and while he offered to make some new sushi for me, I didn't take him up on it. I also didn't ask for a refund. I did however ask him to visit his kitchen and investigate why my two different sushi rolls shared the same fishy taste and smell. I suspected it was the rice or the nori, but who knows. I'm sad to say it because I love supporting Plaza Midwood businesses, but I will be taking a break from this spot for a while. I hope things improve.
1, I was sent to Vision Source South Hills for a second opinion. I enjoyed my appointments with Dr. Strain and found her to be knowledgable and attentive. However, I was incredibly displeased with how I was treated by the staff. I went through my vision insurance with a staff member and assumed this information was added to my file. I called a month or so later to order contacts and was told I could not pay for the contacts when I came and picked them up; I needed to pay for them over the phone. I have never paid for contacts before picking them up before but I figured it wasn't a big deal, just differences between offices. Once I got the statement for my order, I realized that they had charged me the full amount and not run anything through my insurance company. I called back and was met with no answers, saying they would call me back later. They never did, so I called back again and finally learned that my vision insurance had never been added to my file. After going through my information a second time, they then assured me they would file a claim with my insurance company and I would receive a check soon. Never once in this back and forth did anyone from the staff apologize or recognize that they had made a mistake. In fact, everyone I talked to seemed more agitated that they now had to reprocess the claim. A month later, I received my refund along with an updated billing statement. Amongst the revised patient/insurance payment was a statement describing why the revision was necessary. It read: "patient originally did not say to use insurance and paid in full for contacts-decided a few days later she would like us to bill vsp and refund her the remaining balance". This is the first medical establishment I have come in contact with that required me to advise them of my desire to use my medical insurance. Professional medical establishments run benefit checks and inform the customer of their costs prior to performing the service. While I feel Dr. Strain is a highly qualified ophthalmologist, I am exceedingly disappointed in the professionalism and efficiency of the office staff. At this point, I do not see myself returning in the future.
1, I'm loathe to have my first review be a bad one, but I feel sort of compelled to write this review. On a lovely holiday Monday, after some frisbee in the park, some friends and I decided we needed some food.  The Abbey seemed to fulfill all necessary criteria.  The criteria being: patio, beer and tasty food.   Well, it had two of the three, however, those two were not enough to redeem this place, especially in light of the laughably awful service. Now, I'll admit that three of the people in our party got their food and enjoyed it.  However, two of us were not so lucky.   First we were given the wrong food.  The one other person who ordered at the same time as us (we sort of ordered in two shifts) got his food.  They took back our messed up orders, with the excuse that the computer wasn't working and thus the orders were messed up...uh okay.  Twenty minutes later we recieved the food we ordered, just as our friend was finishing his meal.  Unfortunately, my greek salad came topped with fetid feta cheese and the caesar wrap came complete with bugs squished on the lettuce.   The good news was that the food was comped.  However, it took us a little too long to pay as the debit machine phone line was being used by a disgruntled employee to complain about her employment situation and to utter expletives in that regard. Needless to say we won't go back.  There are too many awesome restaurants and patios to waste any more time there.   We did enjoy the beautiful sunshine though : )
4, Any place that has jars of candies lined along the ceiling is your first clue that I'll love it. Second clue? The fact that ALL they serve is dessert.   This Marble Slab Creamery is tucked away in the corner at the food court inside Market Mall. It's hard to miss however because when you step into the vicinity, all you can smell is the sweet scent of waffle cones. And considering you can smell THAT in the middle of a food court - that's pretty damn good!  Their ice cream is made daily in-store and they definitely hold true to their slogan: "The Freshest Ice Cream On Earth".  Marble Slab has an insane amount of flavours. Everything from Vanilla Cinnamon to Cotton Candy. And of course to celebrate the holidays, they also have Egg Nog and Pumpkin Flavours. Oh, and did I mention that you get to choose mixins?!?!? So not ONLY do you get to pick the flavour of ice cream you want, but you get to pick the mixins you want mixed in. We're talkin anything from chocolate bar pieces, to fresh fruit. So it's basically like a blizzard or a Yogen Fruz but in a cone, and with the freshest, most delicious ice cream you can imagine. Once you've picked your ice cream flavour and your mixins, they mash everything up right in front of you on a frozen counter. Then once it's all perfectly mixed, they scoop it into a cone (or a cup of you prefer) and you're good to go.  I haven't even mentioned yet that they also sell cakes, take-home pints, shakes, floats, smoothies and frozen yogurt.  I know, RIGHT?!?!??!  If you hadn't guessed it already, I'm definitely a fan. In fact, it's 'Ice Cream Break' time! See ya there!
4, Ok, I'm being generous  here and giving 4 stars, I really should give 3 and a 1/2, Here goes...I'm an LA resident and over the Summer I work in Vegas, this weekend I'm not going home, I'm traveling East to a family reunion so I wanted to get a Mani-Pedi before I go...this place is within walking distance and open late so I decided to give them a shot. The young lady who did my pedicure was very sweet, attentive and friendly. However, I was supposed to get a manicure as well and what I got was, well...half of that.(hence the 1/2 star) while getting my pedicure, another young lady came over and grabbed my hand and pulled out the small shelf. Then she put my hand down and walked away for maybe 6 or 7 minutes. She returned with a nail file and I jokingly said "oh I thought you forgot about me"...(the look she gave me let me know that she didn't get the joke). She proceeds to file my pinky nail then her friend walks in and she runs to hug her and never returns. My pedicure and massage are done to perfection and I am assisted to the table to get my nails done by a different nail tech who just came in the door for her shift. I assume she will perform the "actual" manicure, She doesn't. No massage no cuticle oil no trimming or pushing back of cuticles...I had decided to try the SNS dipping powder and she just jumped right in, proceeded to file my nails and apply the powder. She was very nice as well and very funny as was Danny who was beside us performing color application on another client. The nail tech finished my SNS but the top coat was taking too long to dry and was dull looking. Danny ended up fanning my nails by hand to help them dry then finally had the first girl (who walked away from me) to remove the top coat and apply a gel coat instead and use the UV light to dry it. All in All The finished product looks pretty good, however I've determined that I am not a fan of the SNS powder as it looks thick on my natural nails as if I have chunky acrylic nails and I've never been a fan of those...not their fault, just not my cup of tea but for $70 (plus $15 tip) I should have gotten a complete Manicure. I think next time I'll get my nails done while at home over the weekend, save myself some $$ and get full services.
1, The artwork is great.  Very striking and captivating images that seemingly pop out of the frames with the vibrant  hues and colors.  The studio and it's salesmanship/service is decidedly less than impressive.   I ordered two pieces, Gorillas in The Mist and Tree of Truth.  The original art dealer who made our transaction was let go for untold reasons and was replaced by someone else(Mike?).   I only know this because I called to get a follwup on the delivery of the photographs because I have yet to hear from the guy who took over the account.  I think if someone took over the account, they should be taking the initiative to notify the customers of that change.  I basically had been getting no response from the emails I sent to my original dealer, and I had to call to find out what happened.  About four weeks later, I received the Tree of Trurth(alternatively called Wisdom Tree).  However, it was only by accident that I received it.  I stopped by my local USPS office to pick up an article by another merchant, and to my surprise the clerk brought me a package from the Rodney Lough Studio.  I have no idea how  long it had been at the USPS office, because I was never notified by Mike, or frankly anyone from this Las Vegas studio that the piece had been shipped out.  I wasn't notified by USPS either, but we all know and expect crappy service from the USPS - the main difference is that I didn't pay USPS thousands of dollars for a certain level of service.    I am left wondering:  If Rodney Lough Jr. Sells their pieces of artwork as being something of value and something to treasure...Why would they send it via the UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE like its junk mail?? Why not give the customer at least an email notification that it has been sent out???  I wonder if the people at the Peter Lik galleries provide better customer service?  Something that extends beyond the swipe of the credit card?    I am glad the Wisdom Tree was not lost or damaged in the USPS office, but I certainly expected better service than I have received.  Still waiting on the Gorillas in the Mist....hopefully it will be delivered to my door like they originally promised, and not by USPS.
1, I live around the corner from here and thought me and my daughter would give this place another try as our first visit wasn't so great.. Turns out the second visit wasn't much better.   I will say the patio is what got me to go there.  The service is disorganized and slow. I ordered the nachos with cheese and salsa. Adding guacamole and sour cream is a add on (3.00) and adding meat is 4.00. We also ordered calamari.   Nachos came before the drinks and were served with all the ads ons ( that I didn't order ). The drinks came and they were great ! Then came the calamari which was deep fried to a crisp. My daughter who loves calamari actually gagged on her first bite. The salt was intense.   We waited another 20 minutes before a server came back and told her I would like the bill and I would pay for my drinks, she said sorry brought me the bill without the food on it. I don't usually dictate what I'll pay, however I wasn't paying for that food.  Unless I was simply going for the patio I would never chose to eat here.
5, Tip: Don't forget to get a punch card for a free wash!  My dogs nails seem to grow an inch a day and he will fight to not have them trimmed. I have taken him multiple places but haven't had the success I have here. They let me in the room while they trim his nails so I can hold and comfort him, plus they do all their grooming behind a window so you always know what is going on. I drive twenty minutes out of my way to come here because we consistently have a fantastic experience.   I prefer to wash my dog myself (so I don't have any experience with the additional grooming services they offer). The facility is always clean, easy to use and the employees are super helpful (and seem to really enjoy their jobs). They have everything you could need to groom, including toothbrushes, brushes, and towels/dryers. I always go with the basic wash and have been very happy with it (about $15). Their pricing is the same no matter the size/breed. My dog is about 45 pounds so for me it's worth it but might not be if you have a tiny dog.   The food/treats are great too. Super healthy brands that I can feel good about feeding my dog. They sell toys/leashes/collars as well. We always end our trip with one of their bakery items, which my dog gobbles up.  They have a super sweet resident cat that doesn't seem to be bothered by much which we always say hi to on our way out. Can't recommend this place more!
4, First of all, this is a budget hotel currently under renovation.  Therefore all the mediocre reviews below should take into account that this property is in transition.  I first stayed here back in the 80's and gradually watched it deteriorate.  So its current condition is great in comparison.   The rooms no longer look like photos 11 and 12 posted above. The rest are up to date.  * Positives:  Flat screen TV's on wood laminate TV walls, furniture has been updated since the photos posted, IKEA lighting, temperature controls in each room (but older units), very clean and loved the wood flooring over nasty hotel carpeting.  The current internet rate is $72/night.  How can you beat that in a central Toronto location? I like that you need to use your room key to move the elevator. This stops strangers from accessing the upper floors as the desk can't see the elevators.  There is a security guard on at night.  A concierge will also be located in the lobby in the future.   * Negatives:  The awful drapery and the bathroom still needs some improvement.  The room is small but no different than any other budget hotel.  The lobby and restaurant are being renovated so you have to deal with that.  Paying $10 a day for wireless is a bit too much.  I would stay here again.  Another plus, the Airport Express bus stops right at the door taking you to Pearson aiport for $20 (or $18 online).
4, A great new addition to the DeMarco family of ventures.  This was a pre-opening tasting, so they're still working on all of the fine points.  Nonetheless, it is a terrific spot.  The structure itself is very appealing, as they restored a 1940's-era building and exposed its beautiful brickwork, which is complimented with a stained concrete floor.  The bar is a proper one with a wide array of liquors and fairly ample seating for the size of the space.  The patio definitely will be the preferred seating choice so long as the weather cooperates.  We tried macaroni and cheese as well as the cole slaw starters; for $3 each, you could make a delicious, reasonably-priced meal from a collection of the starters.  The double dip starter (cobb dip and posole salsa with chips) was very good, though I almost preferred the dip and salsa without the chips because they're so flavorful.  The mixed grain salad was a good choice, too, though I might try to find something other than the orange vinagrette to put on it.  The wine on tap was tasty, and they'll also have a small list of about 8 bottles.  Again, the official opening isn't until the 25th, so they're still honing the fine edges.  In any event, we'll be there far too often for our own good!
5, Back in August, I was wanting to get a massage so I asked my girlfriend Jenny if she had any good but affordable recs. She suggested Suzanne & I called right away to try & make an appt for that wknd. Unfortunately, she was already booked but had an opening the following Sunday, so I immediately took the spot for a 90 min classic massage.   I had a lil trouble finding the location but I called Suzanne & she was able to guide me, even with my horrible direction skills-I am by a, uh building with balconies. Lol bless her heart!   Suzanne is very personable & makes you feel at ease. We spoke some during my massage but not too much where I couldn't enjoy it. She applied the right amount of pressure for my preference & I was in heaven the entire time.   My 2nd experience with Suzanne was late September, my mom got me a massage as a gift. This time I chose the lava shell massage. If you have ever experienced a hot stone massage, this is similar. But in my opinion so much better!   I am going to try & see Suzanne once a month or at least every other month. I used to think massages were not necessary & just too expensive, but that was before I experienced Time For You with the amazing Suzanne! :)   *Also, she has a website with a ton of info on it: www.timeforu.net
4, Before deciding to make a long overdue trip to White Oaks, I was under the impression I was making a mercy mission to save this prohibition era speakeasy given the probable dominance by Crocker Park and sprawl to Avon Lake.  Boy was I mistaken.  The parking lot was jammed and therefore forced to eat in the lounge without a reservation.  In the end, probably a better choice.  The lounge, though seperate, actually shares the main dining room's huge picture window view of the heavily forested ravine and Cahoon Creek.  The rustic decorating and dark tones with a glowing fireplace makes you think you might be in a roaring 20's hideaway.  The bartender was a pro - courteous, efficient, "healthy" drink pourer.  The lounge menu struck us as pricey at first but fears were quelled when our neighbor's order arrived.  We opted for the steak sandwiches which came with potato or salad. Prepared perfectly and just enough to satisfy. We felt very good about our choices all around.  I was taken by the sheer number of people and traffic when compared to the prices, Cleveland economy and aforementioned new options.  It looks like White Oaks has not changed, serving excellent food and taking caring of its customers.  Definitely worth a re-review upon eating in the main dining room.
1, Absolutely AWFUL!!! The most incredibly unprofessional establishment I have EVER been to. Not only are their prices stupid expensive but they do a terrible job! I think it is pretty pathetic when i can do my own nails and they look much better than someone who is supposed to be a licensed professional. When I went the other day not only were my nails not straight but the technician (Her name was Lin I believe)  flied the skin off the sides of my fingers and made them BLEED!! When i said "uhm I am bleeding" she wiped the blood off (not gently) and tried to act as if it did not happen. I was still charged full price even after being injured! I walked out literally crying because my fingers were burning in so much pain. Later my fiance and I went back to speak with the manager/owner about the situation and he LAUGHED TO OUR FACE!!! He did not apologize, all he said is that he would fix it, but last time I checked you cannot just magically heal someones cut fingers. When I asked to see the license of the technician he said "I do not have to show you that". I find it highly likely that he refused to show us the license because she probably does not have one. There is so much more I could say about how awful they were but I think people should get the idea. I WOULD NOT EVER SUGGEST ANYONE GO HERE!
1, I have been going to this restaurant on and off since we moved into the Richmond Hill area 16 years ago. Tonight on our way back from the hospital and being Labour Day we thought we would call them to see if they were open. So I got Siri going and got the number. I dialed it and asked if they were open. The lady on the phone said that they were very busy and that I should make a reservation. I did and off we went. When we got there the first clue that something was amiss was that the place was nearly deserted and they could not find my reservation. We took our seat and proceeded to order. Not five minutes into this and we get a call from a local number, it was the first restaurant we called wondering where we were. As it turns out the owners of Cynthia's created a tangent restaurant called Cynthia's Paradise and put it literally right next door. Talk about confusing your market. Given the way the night was going to unfurl we should have packed up and gone next door.  I ordered the Hot and Sour Soup to start. This is one of my favourites and when I looked at the $4.95 price tag I assumed we were going to get a bowl big enough to share. When it came I got this little golden globe before me which revealed inside an even smaller ceramic bowl which if it held 1 cup of soup I would have been amazed. The soup was adequate. It has a nice balance of all the flavours I am used to but in no way was this worth 5 dollars. I mean for just one dollar more at another chinese restaurant I got a bowl of soup so large that it would have filled that little bowl before me 20 times over. What really drove the point home though was the little tiny $3.50 Egg Roll and the 2 HarGow for $4.50. This place was way over priced. So maybe the service was going to be exceptional. I mean, there were more people on the floor, behind the counter and that could be seen in the kitchen than there were patrons sitting at the tables. The 2 HarGow came one at a time in the tiniest steam boxes I have ever seen. We ordered Moo Shu Pork, Chinese Broccoli and the House Special Fried Rice. The food took way longer to get to us than was comfortable for me but taste wise it was very good. Far too expensive but very good. Ended the meal with the Deep Fried Creme Brulee and with a 13% tip the meal came out to $94.75.  Frankly I can think of a number of places that I would like to spend that kind of money for 2 people. Cynthia's Chinese Restaurant is no longer one of those. As a comparison the meal at Cynthia's Paradise would have cost $54 for two people all you can eat. I will do a review of Paradise when I go there but this place will never see another dime from me.
3, Aft Kitchen and Bar was opened not too long ago in Riverside (on Queen East). The place is small and properly furnished with wooden tables, wooden counter top, and wooden light fixtures. The brick wall gives some needed warm and character.   We may went there on a cold evening but reality is that the place was fairly cold and I had to keep my jacket on while in there. Not very pleasant.  They don't take reservations but as long as you arrive before 7PM I think you should be fine.  I opted for having their featured dish, a buttermilk fried chicken with coleslaw, biscuit, and collard greens. At first I thought that the chicken was moist but it ended up being somewhat dry. It was a bit on the flavorless side (disappointed). The collard greens were great and so was the biscuit. The coleslaw was very average. They did not win me with that dish.  Aft Kitchen and Bar  did not have a cocktail menu but they had a list of available wines. I had a chardonnay from Estrada Creek and the wine also did not wow me.   I don't have any reason to come back there and I quite did not understand what was their strength. Oh well, I don't expect to find bliss at every bite.
2, I would give this place one star for customer service but I'm giving it 2 stars only because my nails turned out nice...  my original nail shop is in green valley & ever since I moved I was being lazy to drive all the way there so I decided to check this place out.. I just wanted to change my nail color (shellac) so I called and asked how much would it be and the guy said $20 so once I got there I picked out a color and told her I wanted silver glitter on the top. She picked out the glitter that was more pricey and didn't even tell me it would be another $5 charge.. I knew it was gonna be extra $5 because I get my nails done all the time & usually get that kind of glitter so I didn't mind but I feel like they should tell a customer ahead of time if there will be more additional charges.. and so when it came to paying she charged me $30 to just change the color without a manicure.. I asked her I thought it was $25 for shellac nail color change & the glitter and she made up some excuse which I couldn't even understand. So I will not be coming to this salon again because they just make up there own prices depending on the customer...  Other than the lady being kinda rude and not talkative, the guys that work there are more talkative and friendly so if you go there make sure you go to the guys instead of that lady..
5, After 2 years of trying to go at it (unsuccessfully) alone on a short sale, I was referred to Xenophone by my real estate agent. I am so grateful I found them!   I first met with Xenophone and he spent about an hour answering every question that we had during our first meeting. When we arrived, Xenophone had already reviewed our file and had a recommended course of action. We learned a lot about the process and had a sense of comfort about his knowledge and track records with success on our type of short-sale. We were able to work out a convenient payment plan and retained Panda & Associates services when we left.  It took four months and countless hours by Xenophone's staff to get this short sale approved. We are in the final stages now so its not completed but looking encouraging.  The staff here is extremely responsive, very good about communicating and always prompt with updates. We had a few close calls with the sales date looming and the staff put in overtime with late/early calls to work on our account.  Ill update when everything is finalized, but at this point, I have been happy to refer my family and friends to this firm and have only positive feedback.
4, As others have indicated, perhaps this store could have done a better job coming up with their name, as they are much more than a wine store.  I didn't know that for a long time and I'm disappointed that I spent so much money buying my liquor at supermarkets.  Now that I've discovered Total Wine it is pretty much my sole stop for not only wine but beer (I am incredibly non-loyal to beer brands, I like to try new beers from all of the world).  I also stock up on my hard alcohol at Total Wine and have recently discovered they have a decent selection of cigars.  The store is pleasant, with kind of a woodsy warehouse feeling to it.  Most of the staff are knowledgeable and pleasant.  The prices across the board are reasonable.  They have long hours and tons of parking.  Maybe the only slight downside is they chose to locate in Desert Ridge, which is not a mall that is easy to just pop in to.  I think Desert Ridge is more suited to stores like Target, to the movie theaters, and to the food court than to a food/liquor store that I might want to go to for one or two items every few days.
5, I'm sooo surprised to read all this negative comments and star rating of this place.  A couple of my friends and I were around the area and wanted to grab a quick bite before we went to explore hard rock! Our first impressions when we walked in was that the place was really  clean, they had jukeboxes and it was playing 50's music. I ordered their regular hamburger as well as an Oreo shake, which was recommended by our server. Our food arrived in about five minutes and wow, this is not your average hamburger!!!!! It was delicious! The shake was thick and well worth the money.  I only wished the hamburgers would come with fries as they were all separate but considering how yummy everything tasted it doesn't matter!  The manager was in fact the person who served our food, she was very nice and had a Russian accent.  She was nice enough to even split our checks 3 ways after we got the receipt and told her we forgot to mention separate receipts. If I am ever around the area I would def come back.
5, I didn't know it is a Playa Cabana chain restaurant until I see the bill! It was yesterday, a day with freezing rain. When I called in and made reservation in the Morning, I didn't think it'd be a full house on a day like this( April snow). I'm so glad that I did when I arrived this hidden gem in a not so busy neighbourhood.   We ordered cheese Jalapeño for starter, osso buco and braised lamb for main. Everything was delicious!!!! So richly infused with all kinds of spices! The cheese jalapeño looks a little unpleasant under the red neon light, but after the first bite, we are totally sold!! Both osso buco and braised lamb come with tostadas and beans and rice, no need to order separately. The portion was quite generous for two girls, next time we will probably cut one main and do one more starter.   My only criticism would be the size of the table. For Mexican food, it'd be great if we have a little bigger table for the many dishes. But I understand that it is built upon a small townhouse, won't be able to have so many people if the table is bigger.   Advise before going:   1,it's going to be fully packed, make your reservation early.  2, it's going to be loud, don't expect to sit in a quite corner.  3, ask the waiter for recommendation, they give great tips!
1, I wish I could give this place 0 stars. By far the worst experience I have ever had in Vegas.   Typically hotels in Vegas are known for being extremely catering to their guests. This was not the case. Plus the whole hotel looks like absolute crap filled with the scummiest people.   Next, my room was absolutely filthy. There were piss stains running down the toilet to the ground, it also smelled like someone died in my room. The bed felt like I should have brought a black light and possibly a hazmat suit. Best part about my room was the AC actually working, but the shower/tub looked like someone had just washed their cars undercarriage in it. The towels felt like sand paper and were barely large enough to be considered bath towels....more like hand towels. Getting a cab is nearly impossible since no where does it say you are required to tell the front desk to call a cab or just call it yourself, since they don't employ someone at the entrance to wave cabs for you. Their room service isn't insanely over priced like most Vegas hotels, but there's a reason for that, everything tastes like it had been made 24-48 hours earlier.  Lastly and most importantly, after surviving 3 nights in this dump, I was brushing my teeth the following morning when I noticed a fairly large cockroach scamper across the sink.  After all this I literally slept at my friends hotel the final night to avoid puking in my own mouth or getting some rare form of malaria.  If I told you how much I paid to stay at this sh*thole, you would kick me in the d*ck for being such a dumbass.   In the end I feel like I got raped for my hard earned cash just so I could save a little. Definitely learned my lesson and going to spend the extra cash to stay at a real hotel next time.
5, I love Savoy. In fact just thinking about Savoy makes my mouth water a little, that's how much I love Savoy.  The first time I sampled some bites from Savoy was at a Yelp event last year; unfortunately it took me quite a long time to make my way back, but I after the meal I had last week I think the wait was worth it. I went here for dinner with a family member on a Wednesday night - as a result the place was pretty quiet when we arrived. After checking our coats (this is more or less mandatory as they don't let you drape them over the chairs) we were seated at one of their comfy downstairs lounge tables, and we explored the menu, ordered, and proceeded to enjoy an excellent meal.  Firstly, there was the fresh free bread with oil and balsamic for dipping. I was quite hungry so this was a great start. One note, though - beware the spicy bread! We're pretty sure jalapenos were baked into a couple pieces. Tasty for some, not ideal for people like me though.  Then there was the drinks. My dining companion ordered a blackberry Cosmo (made with ingredients like blackberry moonshine - quite a nice touch), and I ordered the Starburst. Both of these drinks were superb; the Cosmo was a first-rate drink and oddly enough, my Starburst did indeed remind me of Starburst candies - but was still muuuuch tastier!  As for the food - just, YUM! My companion ordered tomato soup and a pear salad. The salad was flavorful (though pretty standard in terms of salad ingredients), and the tomato soup was simply amazing - in addition to its freshness and being the perfect thickness it came with grilled cheese sandwich squares instead of croutons. More restaurants need to do this with their tomato soup, it was just so good! As for me, I ordered the 2015 restaurant week special - hen with bacon mac and cheese and a side of kale - and this was simply divine. I have yet to find such tender, juicy and well seasoned chicken in the city, plus the mac and cheese wasn't overly cheesy and had the bacon flavor infused into it. The result was that it wasn't too rich and it went well with my chicken and kale. The entire meal was also served with a side of tomato gravy, which was basically a thicker version of the tomato soup I'd sampled and fallen in love with already. I couldn't have been happier with what I ordered.  The clincher for our excellent meal was the fantastic service we received throughout the night. All in all we thought Savoy had amazing food, fantastic staff and a very chill but warm atmosphere. We would absolutely come back - hopefully my next meal here will involve sampling the amazing looking brunch menu!
5, So here I am AGAIN.  Why again do you ask? I just purchased a 2011 Chevrolet Malibu from this dealership, and I went here after work to pick up the green slip so I can register the car with the DMV.  TIP: Customers who buy or lease vehicles here: DO NOT have to go to the DMV to register your vehicle. You simply use the dealerships control number on the green slip to enter in the DMV website and it will bring up the vehicle you bought. You can then transfer or request new plates (standard only plates) and the DMV will mail them to you. This is handy, because we ALL hate the DMV.   Back to my review of AutoNation Buick GMC of West Sahara round 2. So I got the green slip and I was "just looking" at some of the Buicks on the lot. Buick has come along way in the last 10 years or so. This is NOT your grandfather's or grandmother's Buick anymore. I had a 2013 LEXUS ES 300h that got 39MPG highway and 40MPG city. It had quite a few bells and wistles. Anyway, I began by driving a V6 powered 2016 Buick Lacrosse and Devon and Denzell were my points of contact again. I really liked it. This one didn't have the same equipment that my Lexus does, so I didn't really want this particular car, as I didn't want to go down in car quality or caliber. Then I drove a 2014 Chevrolet Impala V6, and loaded with everything for that model year with 22k miles and they were asking 25k for it. I really liked this car. It wasn't a Lexus or a Buick, but it was cheaper than either one of those and it was fully loaded. But I was contemplating replacing my business car, which was my Lexus, and I already had a V6 powered Malibu that I bought for 16k with 32.5k miles two weeks earlier from this same dealership, and the same sales people (Devin and Denzell). It took me forever to decide even after driving a brand new 2015 Buick Lacrosse that had just about everything my Lexus did minus the front parking sensors and the dash cam, but I can replace the dash cam later (which I will at this dealership for both my Malibu and Lacrosse). I got a Heads Up display system with forward collision alert, I got a Bose audio system, a panoramic sun roof, remote starter system, and a wifi hotspot powered by onstar. These features my Lexus didn't have.   I was given multiple options, and a lot of time to decide which vehicle I wanted out of the three, the Chevrolet Impala, or the 2015 V4 eAssist Buick or the 2016 V6 Buick. I ultimately chose the 2015 eAssist V4 Buick Lacrosse based upon what I was going to be doing with the car, showing Real Estate. I was offered an unbelieveable deal too. Because this vehicle was a 2015, and was sitting in the showroom, and the 2016's were already here and more were coming, this car was priced at 35k. Originally it was 41k which was understandable. If I bought my Lexus ES 300h brand new, it would have been 47k easy. I know cars, and how to shop for the ones I like or want. So I knew I was getting a deal on this new car. Also, I was given a 2k tax credit for my Lexus, and AutoNation gave me another $800.00 off on the car, because I am a repeat buyer, and I didn't waste anyone's time. Thank you David!   So I still had 1k of negative equity to deal with, and that was done by lowering my interest rate from 4.9% with Lexus to 3.9% through AutoNation Buick GMC's contacts. Can you say Credit Unions anyone? If you want great financing go see the fine people at AutoNation Buick GMC, they WILL find you a good deal, if it takes all day. They don't just use traditional banks or manufacturer banks like most dealerships do, which all charge higher interest rates, trust me I've been there.   So in combination of lowering the interest rate again to 3.45%, and further dropping the price of the new 2015 Buick Lacrosse, I wrapped up my negative equity and came UP about 2k. This shows in the contract as down payment money which is true because I verified how the dealership got the numbers. So I got a brand new Buick Lacrosse, with an extended warranty, prepaid oil changes for 3 years on top of the 2 years given to you by GM (General Motors), theft protection and GAP insurance and my payments are $616.00 per month versus $647.00 a month with Lexus without the theft protection, or the prepaid maintance plans. Lexus doesn't offer standard oil changes for the first 2 years either.   What's more, my Buicks engine, transmission, and final point of assembly are in the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. Just like my 2011 Chevrolet Malibu. The major components of these cars are made here. Just read the window sticker, it will tell you where the major components are made. We need jobs in this country badly. I don't need Bernie Sanders or Donald Trump to "bring back the jobs" to the United States. We can all do our part by giving GM, Ford or even Fiat Chrysler a chance. Personally, I am a GM man. I loved my Lexus, but I love my country, my Buick, and the sales team at AutoNation Buick GMC even more. They also hire the veterans! Thank you again everyone @ AutoNation!
1, Dropped in on a Saturday night....thankfully prior to the rush beginning.  We found a seat immediately and our server was over shortly thereafter, told us the wing/beer special, took our drink order and off she went. When she returned, we ordered our dinner and some appetizers. Appetizers were Mac and cheese triangles...absolutely the greasiest, worst tasting item I've ever put in my mouth at a restaurant. Potato skins were very dry...no flavour at all. Some of us ordered the wing dinner, which was wings, fries and a soft drink (no refills). The fries came out as an appetizer...not with the wings. They were basic fries and pretty flavourless. When our food came out, it came out at different times. 2 people got their order (one was a wing dinner and the other a burger dinner) while a 3rd was returned because the person who brought out the wings could not tell us which type of wings they were. She said she would be right back with them, but she answered a phone and talked on it for an awfully long time. 10 minutes later, those wings were brought back out, with the other 3 wing orders. WTF? Wings were a huge disappointment. While meaty, they were sprinkled with minimal sauce....no  flavour at all. We would have sent them back but we never saw our waitress until 20 minutes later....she was serving other tables, on the phone, settling bills, etc.  We will not go back
4, FYI: This isn't like a super helpful tip but they give you these tiny hard candies with your check that I found were adorable lol.  Yes...I saw this place on a video on Facebook, and yes the necessity of me going here was urgent. Like life or death people.  WHAT I GOT: Cheese ribs  PROS: Repeat after me. You can NEVER go wrong with meat and cheese. EVER. And my goodness, James Cheese Back Ribs is winning the restaurant game. You get a pool of gooey cheese that the server wraps around each rib along with extra corn, two different mashes (sweet potato and regular potato), mini sausages, and scrambled eggs. The ribs themselves were coated in this beautiful and super flavorful sauce, and the meat was super tender as well. Literally fell off the bone with one bite. They also give you scissors and some plastic gloves to keep your hands clean, along with the option to choose the heat level of your ribs. We went with mild, which honestly is not spicy at all, so if you're looking for even a little bit of a kick, I would suggest the regular spicy option.  CONS: Ok well the price is pretty hefty. Not gonna lie. And the sides aren't exactly the most tasty things ever but combined with the cheese, usually anything will taste good. But be warned, the server will turn off the gas stove that melts the cheese once all the ribs are wrapped so the cheese will start to get hard again. If you wanna dip your sides, eat those first. And the ribs are a bit on the small side so this meal won't actually fill you up, if that's what you're looking for.
1, I was incorrectly billed $11.52 for fuel charges.  When I called to dispute the error, I spoke with Lian Santon.  At first she told me the charge was because the company undercharged me for the vehicle.  When I explained that I made the purchase through hotwire, she then switched the reason for the charge to me upgrading my vehicle at the counter, which was incorrect.  After being placed on hold for a while, she told me the fee was for fuel, yet I brought the vehicle back on full.  After being placed on hold for over 30 min, she told me that they would only be able to credit back $8 and not the full $11.52 because the other $3.52 was included in taxes.  Another representative called back to tell me that the company would have to call the car rental location and verify that the car was brought back on full before I could receive the other $3.52.  This is pointless to me because if an associate entered a fuel charge in error and the transaction happened weeks ago, it would be difficult to remember this particular transaction given the large volume of rental returns that have taken place since then.
3, En faisant des recherches sur Yelp (et sur d'autres sites aussi mais shut), je cherchais le meilleur endroit de sushi à volonté à Montréal (et quand je parle de Montréal..je ne parle pas de Kirkland, West Island et des endroits où le métro ne se rend pas..). Selon mes recherches, c'était le Sushi Plus. En plus, seulement 13 minutes de chez moi en auto..et comme ma date Tinder a une auto et c'est lui qui m'accompagnait, c'était très bien. Il y a beaucoup de place de stationnement et le métro Acadie est à proximité pour les gens en BMW (bus, metro, walk).  Donc, nous sommes arrivé au resto, je m'attendais à quelque chose de plus grand..mais bref ce n'est pas ça l'important. Nous avons attendu un petit 3 minutes avant qu'on nous assigne une place.    Une fois assis, on voit les "serveurs" passer..mais ce sont plutôt des préposés à l'eau ou bien à apporter la nourriture. Après une dizaine de minutes, je demande de l'eau. Une autre fille nous apporte un Ipad, mais sans aucune explication. Le Ipad est sale..tsé le nettoyer avant de le passer à un autre client ne ferai pas de tord. Vu que je ne connais pas ben ben les Ipad (je suis team android) et le gars avec moi aussi..on était un tout petit peu perfu quand l'app ce fermait.   C'est ben cool de commander par Ipad dans un à volonté WELCOME TO 2018 tsé..tu peux voir ce que tu as commander comme il faut, voir l'historique, voir le prix admettons si tu prends de la boisson et faut payer en plus de ton repas..pour tout cela c'est nice. Par contre, les images de sushis ne sont pas très claires..Il faut tapper comme 2 fois pour voir ce qu'on les sushis. Aussi, pour voir mieux sur le Ipad, vous êtes casiment mieux de vous assoir côte à côte. Bref, nous avons commander...mais il fallait aller appuyer sur un autre onglet order confirmation..quelque chose de même...on a quand même été nono et attendu comme 15 minutes avant qu'on dise que c'est long...Finalement, on a pu arrêter une serveuse et lui demander..elle nous a expliqué..Bref. La nourriture est arrivé très vite..on finissait un plat et un autre arrivait. Mais figurez-vous donc que même avec la technologie, ils avaient oublié un plat de Kamikaze.   Bref, tout était délicieux..à part le Octopus bbq...il n'était pas tendre du tout et pas trop frais au goût.   À notre deuxième commande...on était plus capable de manger...oups...il nous restait 7 sushis on assumait de les payer et on voulait les apporter..mais personne n'est venu nous voir et le plat a été ramasser. On a pas mentionné nos 7 sushis perdus, en croyant qu'ils allaient se passer le mot et nous faire payer 7$ de plus...mais non! Bref, les sushis sont excellent..mais le service est à chi***..comme dirait Gordon Ramsay. Je déconseille d'aller en groupe car devant nous il y avait un groupe de 10 séparé sur 3 tables...et plus loin aussi un groupe de 8 sur 2 tables de 4.
4, Who doesn't like good BBQ?  I ask you?  Good, though...like so many things in Champaign, I found the ooohing and ahhing pretty over-rated.  It's good food, no doubts, and their burnt ends?  You'd travel the globe for these suckers!  But.. their brisket is often dry(ier than I'd like), and I am SOOOOO not a fan of pulled pork that sometimes has globs of fat in it (it might be that _all_ pulled pork is susceptible, I am just not a fan! =P).  Regardless, you have so much to choose from (http://www.blackdogsmoke.com/menu/), and don't be stingy with the sauce!  I'm a true Carolina girl at heart, and Black Dog does this Carolina Red that's vinegary and tomato-y, and has a bite to it that'll just.. well, it'll make your mouth water.  Other's really like the Hot Georgia Peach, like the most exquisite combination of both heat and sweet!  All in all, you're going to get a fabulous meal here, and for Champaign-Urbana IL, it's some pretty legit BBQ!  Pair it with one of their amazing beers (and the choices are endless! http://www.blackdogsmoke.com/beer/) and you'll leave stuffed and satisfied!
1, The signage really does catch your eye as you drive by on Sheppard Av. PEKING MAN in large, faux-Asian font on a bright red back drop. That's definitely a holdover from the 70s or 80s. After struggling to find an actual entrance (you see, it may be listed as being on Sheppard, but you have to turn on Ambrose to actually get to the storefront. If you're heading east and miss Ambrose, there's no chance to U-turn til Leslie, unless you want to run over city-owned flowers in the median.), we finally parked the car in front of some convenience store in the same strip mall/mini-industrial park building area. Given the PEKING MAN sign is all you can see from the main road, I don't know how other businesses can persist here.   The moment we went past the doors, we were greeted with a motorcycle arcade machine. What is this, Chuck E. Chan? Ah ha, ha., there's a Chuck E. Cheese down the road. A waitress came up and we were promptly seated and presented with these ghastly menus, with cartoon depictions of, presumably, a Peking man in various states of labour (labour as in work, not Chinamen giving birth!).  On to the food! A family of five orders the following for dinner: Bamboo and Dried Scallop Soup, Deep-fried Soft Shell Crab, Peking Duck Special, Lobster fried in salt and pepper, and Shanghai Noodles with beef. I'll spare you the details, because there are no details. It was all bland. It was as if everything was frozen for Walt Disney's first meal after being brought back to life from his cryogenic sleep. The soup wasn't watered down, but it tasted like it was. The crab and the lobster were fried in the same tasteless junk probably used to grease door hinges. The duck was somewhat of a saving grace. First course, slightly crispy duck skin (though not nearly crispy enough to my liking), with fine slices of duck meat, to be wrapped in rice paper. Spare yourself from attack of the living bland and eat the duck straight up without the wrapping. Second course, stir-fried duck meat. More meh. Basically, anything these guys actually cook gets turned from gold into lead.  Ariel G. may want to take that trip down memory lane, but this meal was a memory I'd rather repress.
1, They treat patients like an ATM.   I cracked a tooth. EXTREME pain right now. Got a Saturday ( today visit). I told the front desk BEFORE I went back that I didn't get paid until Wednesday ( a few days), and that I just paid to fix my roof so money is tight. After being examined and X rayed they explained what they could do and that my portion would be $160. They weren't sure they could even help m today as Phan's schedule was tight. I told them I could only pay $100 today. I was told by their office manager they don't do payment plans , they could try and get me some dental credit plan. I told them I didn't want to do that. It was $160 today or nothing. I told them I was unable to do that. So I came in pain , left in pain- they did nothing for me - I offered to pay my bill (around $60) as I left. They wanted to bill my insurance etc but I didn't want to hear from them again so I insisted I pay it all now because I wanted nothing to do with them ( contact me after insurance etc). . I complained  and to shut me up they wiped the bill clean.   They are all about the money. My $100 today plus insurance ( and $60 in 3 business days) wasn't enough to help me. Forget about helping me because I was in pain - they did nothing - nothing - they wouldn't even do it for 2/3 my portion today , the rest in a few days ( as well as gouging my  insurance)   THEY ARE ALL ABOUT THE MONEY. They don't care if you hurt. They are very high tech - and I understand they need to pay off all their high tech equipment -   My opinion : Pham sucks! Palo verde dental sucks!    Came in pain , left in pain - they use your pain to extort money from you. It's just white collar crime - they knew exactly my finances before I even went to a room , and then after exam it was "pay up or get out" - the officer manager specifically said "we do not do payment plans".   They wasted my one day off when I could have found someone who would help me when I am in severe pain    =====   Addendum 7/1/16   Yep ... These lying SOB's billed my insurance   Lying , cheating dishonest !!!!
5, Do you ever feel all crunchy and wish someone would pick you up by the ankles and shake you out like a sheet? That's how I had been feeling before my massage appointment this weekend.   Suzanne is a great massage therapist because I felt great by the time I walked out of there and I'm still feeling great 2 days later!   The location is tucked away in the office complex just east of Max's gas station on the southeast corner of 12th St. & Missouri.   I had a 60-minute aromatherapy massage ($80). I got to pick the scent I wanted her to use and she blended it with the coconut oil to make a custom massage oil just for me! She also put some in a diffuser and near the head rest. The scent was never overpowering. It was just right!   The massage pressure was perfectly firm. While I felt relief from the tension I had come in with, I didn't feel like I had been beat up to get there.   Also a nice touch, she popped a roller ball in the top of the vile with whatever was left of my "custom oil" and I got to take it home with me for a olfactory reminder of my awesome massage.  Next time I treat myself to a massage, this is where I'll be going!!  (PS I used a Spafinder.com gift certificate to come here. Waaay better than going with one of those chains that seem to be the dominant offering for redeeming those certificates.)
4, I took my mom here when she was in town for Christmas.  We stopped in for lunch and neither of us had ever had Ethiopian food before.  I had read about them on their website and in many of the reviews here on yelp, so I kind of knew what to expect.  We were seated immediately, but it took about 10 minutes for our server to greet us.  We immediately ordered two of the lunch specials which we had brought out on one big plate, and it came out super fast!  Everything was wonderful!  We had a lot of fun eating with the Injera and trying to decide which dish was our favorite.  We tried all six of the vegetarian items listed on the lunch menu.  My favorite was probably the Azifah (the cold lentil dish).  The Misir Wat (red split lentils) was really good too, and my mom's favorite was the Fosolia (lightly spiced green beans).  When the big dish was set in front of us, we looked at it and thought, this isn't very much food....but boy were we wrong.  We couldn't even finish it.  The Injera really fills you up I think!  All in all...a great experience for a great price.  $20 including tip.  Can't beat that.  I will definitely be back!
4, Breakfast at Bouchon in the Venetian.  We had Croque Madame, Corned Beef Hash, and Jambon et Oeufs.  My croque madame was serviced with slice of brioche, ham slices, another slice of brioche with a sunny side up egg on top and a white sauce on top.  There may have been other stuff between the broiche slices, I just don't remember.   To fill, I mean really fill up the rest of the plate, a huge mound of thinly sliced fries.  I would have liked the fries to be a little more crispy.  The sandwich was good.  Even though it looked small, it was a lot of food.    Corned Beef Hash was just how I liked it.  Corned in small cubes, potatoes about the same size.  Peppers and onions.  with your style of egg on top.  This is how, I think corned beef should be served.  5 stars for this meal.  Ham and eggs were just ham and eggs, with some scallopped potatoes.  Nothing special about this meal.  For some reason it was $25 and in my opinion, shouldn't be more then the other meals.    The pan d'epi bread was good, with butter and the homemade jam.  Overall, a good place for breakfast.  Good service.
4, Despite the drinks being an arm and a leg with the inside usually jam packed - if you're in without the huge line and go with the right people, Bar at Times Square can actually be a humorously fun time! Planning on tossing a few back? Grab a few before going in; Outside at a slot / table rum & coke - $1 (tip) / Inside bar rum & coke - $12 w/o tip.. I'm just sayin'.. I haven't been during happy hour, as it seems the place is bursting at the seems waiting for a Fire Marshall to be called. It might be best to go during that hour or so if you're trying to have more than one beverage at this place.   Anyways, it's a dueling piano bar with two fella's who know all the bangin' hits from the 50's all the way up to today's Top 40. A patron can request a song (once one ends and / or hasn't been interrupted) and if someone in the crowd isn't pleased - he or she then has the opportunity to walk up to the the non-playing pianist, offer a cash tip of higher cash value than that placed prior and have the song changed on the spot.. keeping both the patrons and musicians on their toes. It's really an interactive environment - in the sense that the pianists continuously receive requests, talk to the crowd, with the crowd itself shootin' the breeze, minglin', singing and dancing if they know the jam being performed. If you can't see the performers, they have tv's lined up throughout the bar so you can catch a glimpse. I'm not the tallest human, so it's often I end up in somebody's armpit while they're singing their favorite track and I'm gasping for air. Kidding, I'm actually the guy who has YOU in the headlock; You'll be blissfully swept away by my beautiful renditions of Bohemian Rhapsody, I Want You To Want Me & my jam - One Bourbon, One Scotch, One Beer in an overtly joyous manner.   *They also have that lady you see at all the shows.. she dances & looks like Dee from It's Always Sunny, tries to get you to boogey with her and you can't understand what she's saying, though, she sings every song on cue without a slur.  She's an interesting human who needs help, so you push her towards the random person next to you hoping they'll do something about it. Do some people observing and find em'!   This is a place of action, sound and movement. You might get bumped or pulled to dance and sing. Good music and a giddy buzz is found at the Bar At Times Square; so be forewarned - most people here are on a good one and are trying to maintain that vibe! Don't get upset if someone just wants to sing with you btw - it's probably me!
3, I was all set to give them a 5... until the last half a day.  I bought 2 Groupons and waited two weeks to get my pre-paid for appointment (1 set for one house 2nd set for another). #1 was scheduled for a Thurs-Fri two weeks later and house #2 the third Thurs-Fri. I got a call from Jimmy on Mon-Tues of the Thurs before House #1 was to be completed putting me off another  week (now we're in week 3).  I had two potential buyers come by that weekend to see house #1. They went with the other house on my block because of my ugly brown paint (that I had scheduled to be done)!  Finally my long-awaited for Thursday came and Jimmy showed up with two men promptly at 7:00 and gave me the trip charge, charge for baseboards, and for an extra room.  It was VERY fair.  The men did a good job... maybe an 8-9 and cleaned up well.  They had to schedule my 2nd house for Saturday (I had told Jimmy I'd need 4 full days - two for each house). He did not come out to give the men direction for house #2 on Saturday or give me the price of things the groupon didn't cover  (I had high ceilings in both houses and needed an extra room done, wall paper removed from one small wall, etc.)    He finally came out Monday around Noon to quote prices on #2 (again reasonable) but his men were upset that he hadn't shown up either morning to give them direction.  Plus the men had some conflicts with my handyman.  The men disappeared Mon around 12:30 - they got back at 2:30ish and left by 3:30 with the RR undone and wallpaper stuck on the tub and counters (from the removal) of my bathroom. The baseboards were done poorly, paint dripping was all over the tub, counters and floors and 2nd coat was never completed.    Jimmy told me that he'd come finish the job - said I was getting the "best of the best."  Because I wanted a slight color alteration (lighter) in the RR, he told me there would be a charge and a small charge for one other wall.  Once the paint had dried, I realized that Jimmy had not cut in the new color or cleaned up the wall paper and paint drippings from his men. He also didn't redo the messy baseboards.  My handymen and I were shocked by Jimmy's paint job (drips, no cutting in, unfinished baseboards). Then Jimmy called and asked me to have my handymen bring him his forgotten ladder??? What?  Botton line... Groupons appear to be LAST priority for timing and you'll be paying weeks before you get the work.  They may also send you new, untested employees (my two workers told me I was their first project with Jimmy).
5, ALOHA!  I found myself in Las Vegas and in need of a massage.  Because I run a very successful mobile business on Yelp in another state, I thought to follow my instincts and turn to YELP for a mobile provider.    I called two places.  The first one did not get back to me in a timely manner.  The second one, Body Restoration, picked up on the first call!  Barbara was a joy to work with and we enjoyed a laugh as I was having a moment being the one on the other end of the transaction when I am so used to being the provider!  She dispatched Becca to my room within an hour!  Wow!  Amazing follow through.  Becca showed up on time with all her equipment and ready to work!  I enjoyed my massage very much, it was needed and I love that I did not have to leave my MGM Grand Room to receive it.    Here is a tip, and not meant to be anything but a helpful tip....if you are a massage therapist, or in need of an advanced skill set, please tell Barbara this so she can send the right therapist.  In my booking haze, I did not mention that I needed a certain something and I did not get that with Becca.  However, Becca is a wonderful therapist with great healing energy.  If you need deep tissue or skilled work, ask for someone else.    I would most definitely use Body Restoration again.  Thank you!
2, If you're able to get fiber internet, it's worth it. Fast and had minimal downtime in the 2 years I've had it. I work full time from home and I only had a handful of issues over 2 years.  So why the 2 stars?  If you have to deal with customer service or god forbid the billing department, prepare to spend most of your day if not a couple of days on hold and repeating the same issue over and over again until you finally reach one intelligent person that helps you. Their downfall is their customer service. It's probably the worst I've dealt with and I've dealt with Cox and Comcast.   The bonus to having fiber internet is that you get L2 local phone support. As a software engineer I understand networking and computers, their L2 fiber support is great because they are knowledgeable people, not some tech moron reading a script.   Also, never settle for their advertised prices. Don't get a contract either. I was paying $80/mo for the fiber internet only and not on a contract.   tl;dr  Fast and stable fiber internet if you can deal with complete incompetence when you need "customer service"
4, First things first - I like Bobby Flay.  I like his television shows.  I like his personality.  And I like his style of cooking.  So I ought to like Mesa Grill.  And in some ways, I do.  But there are also some issues.  The ambiance is bright and colorful, with high ceilings, lots of windows, and an impressive bar.  But the tables were packed in pretty tight.  Hey, I understand why.  The place was full on a Tuesday night!  If you can cram that many people into a space, and they still want to come, then it's just smart business.  But it isn't my taste.  My wife and I decided to try as many dishes as we could, so we shared a menu made up of appetizers and side dishes.  Our server was friendly and helpful, but he did not bring out the dishes in the order we requested.  Some dishes were what you might call "just fine":  The chopped salad, the blue corn pancake, and the double-baked potato.  The goat cheese queso fundido was better than "just fine."  The chile relleno and the tiger shrimp were both spectacularly good - snapping with unique flavors.  The smoked chicken quesadilla, on the other hand, was sub-par and not very flavorful.  So, Mesa is a perfectly acceptable restaurant.  But when we go to a high end, pricey restaurant we really want nothing less than five stars, and Mesa doesn't quite get there.  Lots of Vegas restaurants do get there.  So we won't be back at Mesa for a while.  Sorry, Bobby.  We'll catch you at Bar Americain next time we're in New York.
4, It's hard to complain about this hotel. If you're into the trendy/modern establishments this place is probably up your alley.  The service was pretty near perfect. The clerks make sure that everything you want is provided for you. They'll even make reservations on your behalf to nearby restaurants. The location of the the W is nearby a mall, there's also a Yardhouse, Starbucks and a Grand Luxe Cafe within walking distance too.  The W hotel boasts a pretty jam packed pool party in the summers. The pool is located on the roof with lawn chairs and circular couches placed everywhere. Not to mention that they have a 'beach'; An area that if full of sand and tents for you to lay on. You can also order food while soaking up the sun and alcohol.  The hotel rooms are clean, semi-quiet, but very small. For the price you pay to stay at this hotel, they sure give you a tiny room. But the service outshines the room so I can bear with it. The pool area becomes a club/lounge at night, and you can hear the music from your room (thump thump thump). After a while, it can get annoying.  The toiletries are straight from their in-house spa, Bliss. Flat screen in the rooms, a desk for you to do any office work on and modern-esque furniture and lighting to set the mood.  I suggest trying out the W hotel. Their pool party rocked, the service was near perfect, the rooms were nice, they have an in-house spa, Japanese restaurant (Sushi Roku), and a lounge (The living room).
5, The food and vibe here is outstanding. It's definitely a place where I'll be taking all our friends when they come into Madison.  For starters, the fried chicken is some of the best I've ever had. If you like buffalo sauce, it's a home run.   Meatballs - pretty tasty themselves, but the red sauce is magical.   Entrees:  The pizza sauce is perfect. While I love a good wood fired pizza, the steel pan pizza is Madison's pizza. I mean spotted cow in the dough? It's a thicker pizza with a cheese baked onto the outside of the dough.   The black mushroom truffle wood fired and Calabrian sausage pizza were the two our table tried.  Dessert: The only dessert currently in the place is the pizza cookie, but it's all it needs. A partially baked cookie covered with vanilla ice cream. Drool... The entire table can share it and it's a whopping $5. Get 1 per 4 people and you're set.  There's a lounge downstairs, amazing beer selection, and much more I could talk about. Check it out. You won't be upset.
4, Simplicity at its best. G&B offers a nice touch of good ol' bar food in a clean, warm, and inviting feel atmosphere. Nice bar with plenty of TVs to catch any of the games on. Nice selection of beer as well. I'm a out of towner and my cousin brought me here for their awesome cheese curds and they did not disappoint. Extremely light but well seasoned batter encasing bite sized little curds of heaven with their home made dipping sauce was well executed. The fried smelt was a pleasant treat. Again with the light batter but full of flavor with moist tender meat on the inside, paired with their homemade tartar sauce, it was one of my favorite things I ate on my trip. Their burger was simple yet bursting with tons of flavors that elevated the humble american staple.  The service was good and I'd say it was a pleasant experience dining here. Simple food done right with subtle changes that elevate it is what makes any restaurant stand out. G&B do just that and do not disappoint.   Stay fat mother suckers
1, I'm very upset with how this whole clinic works all of them, you call one number for all locations so your never able to get through with the medical assistant at the location you visit. They take forever to give you a call back and the customer service Representatives are mostly nice but when you haven't gotten any calls back after being told to keep your phone by you someone will call you in a few mins and its been four hours!!! Its very disappointing. And they all give you the same run around and at this point your a bit annoyed they have sarcastic attitudes. I've been waiting since 9:30 am and its now 2:00 for a call back for a simple precipitation and nobody can give me a answer. After my first trimester I am leaving this place. The first nurse I saw was nice but not a people person which made my first visit uncomfortable. I suggested things to her to make my blood work done, she should have just brought it up. Anyways I hope to have good things to say but at this moment I don't and am very displeased with the service everyone's experience is different this was mine.
4, I've been frequenting Harris Grill for a few years now and it typically doesn't disappoint. Their outdoor patio is delightful on warm summer evenings, and the inside, while dimly lit and a bit hipster-y, nevertheless feels welcoming and cozy. The menu is written with a heavy dose of sass and snark, which makes it a fun read. Who wants to order boring old chicken tenders when you can order "Britney Spears"? I should probably look into hiring their menu writer to help me jazz up my tech reports for work.  Anyway, I've ordered many things here, and their food is usually solid. My favorite meal begins with a plate of their "church basement pierogies." They cook up a legit pierogie, with a soft, tender shell browned to perfection and housing a ton of delicious, fluffy, flavorful potato and cheese filling. They are *almost* as good as actual church basement pierogies. Then I like to wash down my pierogies with an order of their mac and cheese topped with blackened chicken. Their mac is addictive -- creamy, rich, cheesy and topped with crunchy breadcrumbs. I really like the blackened chicken paired with the mac, as the spicy cajun seasoning on the chicken cuts through the fattiness of the cheese sauce quite nicely. Supremely delicious. I will admit that once in a blue moon the mac and cheese will be a bit dry, which is a bummer. So the consistency is not 100% there. But nine times out of ten, I'm graced with a good amount of cheese sauce and I'm a happy camper. And then I pass out in a carb-induced coma.  The downside here is, of course, their prices. They are pretty expensive. I recently got my standard pierogies-and-mac meal for take out after not having visited for awhile, and I had forgotten just how pricey they are (it was $25 + tip for my meal for take out).  So be prepared to have your wallet cry a little, but the mac and cheese should help cheer it up.
1, WOW that is really all I can say about this outfit.   I went to the Full Service Plumbers website and when I read "There is no job too big or too small for our highly skilled team of plumbers" I thought maybe this the the plumber for me. I was going to have them install a brand new bathroom. I clicked on the link on their website that stated "Have a question about a possible repair? Not a problem click here".    Well I guess it was a problem because the response I got to my request for a quote on the job was (this is a quote and the full response) "sorry we are just too busy to get to it . thanks"  I replied "I will remember that for future reference" Their response came back immediately and it was (again a full quote) "Good"  As I said in the beginning WOW!!!  How about stating something along the lines of "We are sorry for the inconvenience but we are busy at this time of year but you can get to this in such and such a time-frame"?   How do folks like this stay in business. I will never use this company, when they slow down in business maybe they will hire someone who can properly answer requests for their services.   I am very sorry I was a bother to this company no worries I will never call you again and fellow Yelpers should not either!!!
3, On my last review I noted how I thought this restaurant was good but did not compare to Gallo Blanco. I was encouraged to go again,  which I did,  yesterday with a group of 8 people.  To start,  they would not sit us because we only had 6, the other two gals were on their way. The restaurant was pretty empty,  but they stated they had other reservations.  I never saw a group of 8 come,  so. ..our table should have been available anyway.  We would have ordered many more drinks but instead we had one, two at the most.  The guy that finally decided to sit us was not very nice,  and rudely said "come on! " to which I responded that we weren't a bunch of cows being herd to our table. He didn't say anything.  Our server was alright,  her voice was a bit much on the ears, have you heard of voice fry? The food,  great, guacamole and queso fundido were tasty. The tacos great as expected, the mijito, though  not on the menu was well done. We came during happy hour,  but when checks came the bill didn't reflect that. The waitress seemed annoyed when we asked about it.  We are by no means a difficult or demanding group. So I am inclined to think it's an attitude issue on their part. I was  completely done with the experience when a plate load crashes on the floor. It falls from the hands of one of servers. It was literally next to us,  soooo loud,  pieces flying,  and not a word to apologize or something!? We weren't offered desert and at that point I was too bothered to stay longer.  I said bye and thank you as I walked out,  but there was no response from the staff. So maybe I'll go again,  to eat tacos because they are truly amazing but I am now even more sad that Gallo Blanco is gone. .. the charm,  atmosphere,  attentive service is clearly not at this but the Otro (other) restaurant. Sigh...
3, I stayed here twice in a short period of time in April 2014.  The first time I liked it, the second time made me join the Hilton Hhonors program and recuse myself from Marriott for a while.  I requested connecting rooms (traveling with my son and one of my parents each time).  The first time we got that, the second time we did not.  Disappointing, but it was more the way the woman checking us in clearly could not care less that my son couldn't stay near his Nana--good acting is the key to good customer service.  The second time we stayed the heat was very loud, which I didn't figure out until my son was asleep so no way to get it fixed (assuming they'd care more about that issue).  I don't much understand why housekeeping couldn't have filled out a note that the heat was broken--it was LOUD, they would have noticed.  The bathroom was very small, very.   But it was clean, the pool area was nice (although had not been cleaned during the night when we went down the next morning).  Breakfast was fine, nothing special.  I won't be staying here again.
5, Hooowww have I not written a review about this place yet?! I'm dying to stand up on my soapbox!   The fiance´ and I have come to Okra twice now, and both times we've sat at the bar (everyone knows the bar is the best place in any restaurant). Let me just narrow down this review to our latest experience (hub's bday - and btw, I know he's not my hubs yet, but it's way easier and a lot less annoying to type, IMO).  Some highlights: the bartenders are so nice and SO talented. Their juleps are to die for!  Next, the apps: you shouldn't come here if you're not planning on getting appetizers. Just turn around and go home. The Fried Chicken Skins are unreal. Think about the best part of friend chicken, and then imagine having JUST that on a plate covered in spicy honey sauce. I die.  On to entrees: you can't go wrong with both styled of fried chicken. I always go for the Tennessee Hot because I like a little bit o' spice and the sauce is killer, but my hubs goes the Umbrian style (your regular run of the mill fried chicken) and it's equally delicious and fall-off-the-bone.  Lastly, and truly I'm saving the best for last, dessert: You have two options: you need to either go for the pie or go for the donut...  The pie is from Pie Snob (if you don't know about Pie Snob, look it up on Yelp RIGHT NOW, and then order an apple pie, and then thank me later).  The donut and pure caramel heaven. It's drenched (not drizzled) in the most delectable caramel sauce I've ever tasted, with just a pinch of sea salt to top it off. *drooling*  One pro tip before you come to Okra, since you're obviously making a reservation this very minute: it's a little hard to find. The sign is on 7th so you might be tempted to pull into the parking lot where it is, but you have to turn down Palo Verde (small side street) to get to it - it'll be on your left.
5, I came here as a young little kid with my uncle Peter in the 60s from the back door in those days he was a regular, knew the original family and he intoduced me to food decadence ,unlike the restaurants he and my dad owned in Montreal that were on the faster side luncheonettes and Diners ,Uncle Peter and I went there up until the late 70s when I would go with my dates and even my first wife.  This place is a classic and I remember being schooled in the art of the Maitre D ,there was no room for error because if there was a glitch it would be fixed ,fast with I am sorries and quick replacements. Ah What a place the last  time I went there was with good old Jim S and Nico with some dates in 97 and Red Fisher of the old Montreal Star and at that time the Gazette came over as he new Jim and told us that we were the best decorated table he ever saw at Moishes . I had my usual T bone steak rare and a bunch of apps. I look forward to coming into Montreal again 1 day ,perhaps I will go to Moishes,maybe I will go with Angelo if his wife lets him. ,,true story,.
1, I took my car to Ganley Lincoln service department to try and find out why horrible gasoline/raw gas odor were entering the cabin of my car, likely coming in through the HVAC system.  I suspected a likely fuel leak somewhere near the firewall but could not locate one.   I took my car to Ganley  Lincoln Service Dept. and paid the $129 diagnostic fee (steep!).  Service advisor Beth P called to inform that I needed $1900 in repairs as the exhaust manifold gaskets were leaking and had a bad seal. Yikes!!   Keep in mind this is a 2007 Lincoln Town Town in meticulous condition, always garaged, and only 65,000 miles and has barely been driving in winter.   I was quoted $500 a side for new exhaust manifolds and bolts at another service facility.  However,  the mechanic of 20 years said he has never seen a town car or crown vic needing new exhaust manifolds at 65,000 miles.   He did some further research and discovered the left rear cylinder spark plug was not seated properly and only needed to be rethreaded.  Total cost was $75 for retap and INCLUDED his diagnostic time as well.   Problem was fixed!!!  I know enough about engines as well to realize that $1900 sounded sky high and didn't think the new manifolds solution sounded correct.  Good thing I went with my gut and got a second opinion.   I would have been out $2000 in repairs and the problem would not have been corrected!   Stay away from this service department.   Far far away... unless you don't mind paying $2000 for repairs you don't need!
3, 3 stars as a restaurant 4 as a bar.  BTW:I apologize for my lackluster previous review.  When I first discovered yelp I went for quantity, not quality.  So this place used to be Jack Straw's which was probably THE best music venue the the town has ever "scene".  Well its not that place anymore.  Its still worth visiting and has more than just a bar or restaurant vibe to it.  On nice sunny days the deck is beautiful.  We had a going away party for a friend today.  We made reservations for 30 for Sunday brunch.  Only place in town with a mimosa deal that would take a crowd like us.  You would think that they would maybe tell a couple of extra servers to come in at least for the hour or 2 we were there.  We had 2 servers for our group and they also had other tables.  They did well, but felt I pretty bad for the other tables.  The brunch menu was large, but mostly it was just slight variations on eggs and meat with some major exceptions.  It was a cheaply made paper menu, but the one thing that stood out "the hangover" which was a breakfast sandwich on a doughnut.  But, they don't serve it anymore, even though it was on this cheaply made menu.  I tasted many peoples dishes, they were good but over priced.  Everything was roughly $9 except for biscuits and gravy and french toast.  Although, the $2 mimosa's and $4 bloody mary's is hard to beat.  All in all, this place has a history that it doesn't live up to.  Its good, but plenty of other places to go.  Side notes:Parking lot sucks, but its made up by the fact that they have SKEEBALL!!!!!!!!!!
1, Sadly disappointed on my last visit. We sat at  rooftop bar & service was terrible except for one waitress. Wish I had gotten her name because she knew exactly how to take care of her customers!    First, took forever for the waitress to even take our orders. Then, when the food came over (after we asked for it because it took too long) waitress was in a hurry to put down our plates that she spilled all the drinks!  Water & other drinks soaked our clothes, phone, and purse. The waitress ran off quickly to get towels & came to clean up table. Never once asked us or gave us towels to dry...other customers had to until we asked her. Mind you no apology for the spill. The manager even came over to clean up with no apology but rather cracked jokes!  Moved to a new table & she quickly drops off more drinks (on the house) & almost spilled them all on us. Thankfully the new waitress took care of us.  I mentioned our meal should be on the house, when  manager comes over to say they can do the drinks only. After all, it was only water!!  The nerve!! We had to tell him it was drinks other than water. Poor customer service from manager and waitress.  Had to ask to comp dessert. Not recommending to anyone!
2, Okay, we all know this restaurant is a love child of the most celebrated chef in America, Thomas Keller.  It is expensive, but not more expensive than the other upscale restaurants in the Palazzo/Venetian complex.  We also know this is Mr. Keller's "bistro" play, it has been much documented.  And I love French bistro food, my favorite kind on earth.  So 2 stars?  Here's why:  Service: At these prices you expect excellent service.  We had two tables of 8 each, next to each other, and all I can say is that the service was no better than what you would hope to receive at a Chili's.  Timing was off, smiles were rare, it took forever to deliver a glass of cranberry juice to the one person not drinking wine.  Clean-up was either too early or too late.  Just a mess.  Unacceptable at a restaurant of this rep.  Food:  Yes, pommes frites are a staple of bistros, and Bouchon is known for theirs, but the volume of fries was overwhelming.  At the end of the meal we all sat looking around and laughing at the endless piles of frites that nobody could finish.  I had a flatiron steak, asked for it medium rare, it arrived well done.  I could have sent it back, but given the service I didn't want to chance it, so chewed (and chewed and chewed) it down.  Steak quality was mediocre.  Had a endive/watercress salad that truly was nothing special.  The walnut vinaigrette did nothing to enhance the bitter endive, think it made it worse.  Ostensibly there was some Roquefort cheese in the salad, but about 4 little nibbles, added nothing to the rest of the salad - disintegrated.  I know times are tight, but this is a double digit priced salad, c'mon.  Nobody raved about their entree, in fact, I think people were expecting something special and kind of stared at what was delivered.  Wine:  A pretty fair list, and while not reasonably priced, I've seen more outrageous pricing elsewhere.  But it was predictable, mainly French, with a nice representation from the major regions, but nothing unique or intriguing.  Very safe list.  If this is a bistro there should be some more fun, and less pricey, bistro-y choices like Cru Bourgeois from Bordeaux, a longer list of Provencal wines, some unique choices from Cali.  I could have put this list together in my sleep, and the sommelier and wine service was pretty sleepy and sloppy as well.  I've been here for breakfast/brunch, and I guess this is their speciality, it was super, a 4 or maybe 5 star breakfast, love that.  But for dinner?  A disappointment.  This restaurant needs an overhaul.
4, There is an unfortunate amount of hate-on going for ol' Sam's, so I've decided to come to their (honest) rescue. First, let me give you some context:  1. This is not the place to come for authentic Chinese cuisine. Abort mission if that's your goal. Go somewhere with a name that you can barely understand.  2. This is not the place to come for personalized service and attention, especially not at 2am on a weekend. You will be treated like what you probably are - a starving drunk person just as likely to skip out on your bill as you are to vomit on their floor.   Seriously - these folks put up with a lot. A LOT. Can you imagine taking care of hundreds of drunken morons every single night for the entire weekend? It'd be like babysitting 100 children with ADHD who are also carrying loaded pistols and have an undeniable urge to hump on your white tablecloths. So I chose to cut them some slack.  3. I liken this to being the Denny's of Chinese food. It is greasy, unhealthy and oh-so-delicious. You love it while your eating it. You tell yourself it's the greatest meal you've ever had in your life and you want to marry it.  But in 15 minutes it's going to sit like a stone in your stomach and you will question every ounce of your judgment. If you can survive this brief period of remorse, your overall experience will come out on the positive.  4. On a diet? Yeah, no. Not for you.  Yes, I too have been part of the raucous crowd that convenes here late at night after a night out in the Beltline. I have slithered their noodles down my throat and I have savored the juices of their finest ginger beef. I literally can't imagine coming here for a sit down meal at any other time.  I've also come here for the lunch buffet - as take out. The place isn't quite as fun when the disco ball isn't a-glowin'. Now if you're a student, a cheapskate or a person in need of large quantities of food (as much as you can physically force into a styrofoam container) - this place is a great option come lunchtime. Just make sure you bring CASH. They get a bit ornery if you try to pay with Debit/Credit.  Pro tip: Stuff as much as you can into your styrofoam container and just hold it shut, even if it won't close naturally. You might get dirty looks, but I've never been yelled at - yet. Mmmmm, 5 pounds of Calgary's finest imitation Asian cuisine.   Is 4 stars probably pushing it? Yes. If I could I'd give them a 3.5. But as someone else mentioned, Calgary owes these fine folks a bit of thanks for giving us an option other than late night pizza or microwaved Alphaghetti.
4, Holy god, this place is delish. But if you're stuffing your face with deep fried, hot toddy S.Indian goodness, tables in full 95 degree sunlight don't work as seating - an umbrella, perhaps, would make this an easier lunchtime sell.  Fav? Lilva Katchori - tiny nuggets of buckwheat groats and mustard seeds, turmeric, curry leaves, covered in pastry and fried. Crunchy, textural, rad. Comes with their house hot tamarind sauce - a sweet, gradually crescendoing spice experience, thin, and everything tastes better dipped in it.  Got some sort of sandwich, let's go with curry and lime pickle and chickpea spread - and damn, it was awesome. A slider by way of Punjab. Killer.  Prices are low to mid - and there are things being made here that you can't get anywhere else, plus the classics are fab - samosas, two huuuuge pastry-covered piles of fennel seed, potato, unidentifiable delish, for 3 bucks. A garlicy, smoky dal, multiple legumes, a cup or so of Paneer Masala, a perfect amount of rice, papadum, and thin, pancake-like Naan, for 7. Sweet.
4, In my view, in the US there are generally three types of Sushi places.  The very small, packed place that has the run of the mill sushi, the convert belt sushi, or the fancy schmancy type with renamed sushi rolls and a few not so common.     In my view Kofusion is, at least this location is the fancy schmancy type and the prices to go with it.   Nonetheless they have some unique rolls and have more than just sushi.    So if you have friends who are adverse to raw seafood, they'll be able to find items such as hibachi chicken or beef, along with rice or noodle dishes.     The service was, just okay.  For as few people there were at the time we visited, I felt the service could have been far better.  My suspicion is the kid was nursing a hangover, but he was friendly and he did get our order right.     As with most sushi places, when the two platters of sushi rolls came to the table they presented well and certainly there was pride in the work.   The rolls were nice and tight and didn't fall apart from plate to mouth.  The fish, especially the salmon was very fresh and I liked the special sauce used on the spicy tuna.      I would certainly come back here again, although if you've not been to the Mongolian place just up the road, I would suggest giving that a try too.  Both places are excellent.    One other point.  If you happen to be over by the collage, there is a small Kofusion place by the Music hall.  I've not been there myself, but just thought I'd mention it so you didn't trek through congested roads.
5, Wow this place was super nice and fancy. A lot of people stay here for their work. Everything feels very new, modern, clean, and has elegant interior design.   The workers here are very friendly and always tend to your needs. All of the furniture and decorations have a very minimalist feel to them. Which is probably why I'm so drawn to this hotel. I've only had the breakfast here and it's pretty good. I only wished we got bigger cups and plates. Not a deal breaker though.   The room I stayed at was very spacious, and big. We had 2 full size beds, a couch, a desk, and a big bathroom. The rooms also had a minimalist fee to them. The beds were so comfy. Once you lay down, you sink in. I slept so well there. The desk was kind of small however, and it only came with 1 chair. This kind of sucked because there were 3 people in my room and we each had to do some work in our room. The bathroom was amazing. It had a glass shower, and 2 sinks that were aesthetic af.   We had a huge window that spanned the whole height and width of the room. It was a nice view and we could see the beautiful Skyline.   I would definitely stay here next time I'm in town.
1, Awful Awful Awful!!! I made an appointment to get my hair colored and the front desk women recommended a specific stylist based on what I wanted. I arrived with a photo of the type of color I wanted. Also described.... Darker color at roots, golden color towards bottom no stripes. What I received 2 hours later was ashy dull highlights all over the top of my head, the bottoms of my hair looked so broken and dead, when looking at back of head there were 2 dark stripes down length of my hair that went from top of head to bottom which is very long to my mid back. I was embarrassed and just wanted to leave salon ASAP. The following day I found a new salon to fix my hair. They described my hair as looking like cousin it. Every stylist in the salon was astonished as to what was done to my hair. They actually stayed open late and arrived to their Christmas party late in order to fix the mess made of my hair.  The stylist took photos of before and after photos of my hair to send back to etch to ask for refund. I did this the following week as I had a lot going on with Christmas and family in town. I spoke with Emma the salon manager at etch... She informed me that they stand by their work and since she didn't see my hair in person, and since I waited a week they would not be refunding my money. I will never ever go to this salon. I strongly suggest that you don't try this salon not only do to the poor work performed but also do to the incredibly poor customer service.  I spent $200 to ruin my hair at etch...and another $200 to get it color corrected at snap dragon salon.  Thank goodness for snap dragon!! They saved me!!
1, NEVER TAKE YOUR CAR HERE!!!  This place is a complete rip-off and has the WORST customer service I have EVER come across.  We went there and asked what package we needed in order to have the interior of our new car cleaned out. (not shampooed, just the seated sprayed off and wiped) We were told to get the $39.00 VIP package, and it would take care of cleaning off the front and back seats. Not only did the wash on the outside look horrible, they barely wiped down the front seats, doors, and dash, they also didnt wipe anything in the back. I had to argue with the manager for almost 10 minutes about wiping down the back, that took him a whole 2 minutes to do, and it was still so half-assed that I had to do it myself once I took the car home. We paid $39 for what would have been the same wash as the $7 was.  I had then taken my car in for detail since I had received a detail job certificate from a friend a couple weeks prior to this fiasco, and being there are no refunds on detail jobs, I had to take it in or lose the money. So, this past weekend, it went in. They took 5 hours to detail the car. I was expecting it to take between 3-4 like they had originally told me, but, that was just the start of the frustration. I paid to have the car detailed with a clay bar to remove swirl marks and find scratches. There are now more swirl marks on my car than when it went in, not all of the wax was removed, so I had to use my microfiber cloths to remove it myself, I specifically said that I DIDNT want any armorall or leather conditioner on my interior, and to just clay bar the outside, they didnt listen to that, so I spent 30 minutes wiping greasy armorall off my interior and leather. I told the manager that I was completely dissatisfied with the job that was done, he refused to give me any money back and said I would have to bring it back for them to do the job again. I will NOT take my car back to have more damage done for another 5 hour job. I could have purchased the stuff to do the job myself in about 2 hours of time and had it done right.  Please head this warning and DO NOT TAKE YOUR CAR HERE! terrible wash, and even worse customer service.
4, I went here last night, and I loved it!  First, the atmosphere is really good - I'm a sucker for bricks though so I generally like any restaurant that has brick walls.  My friend and I started with the trio of cheese (I think it was around $18 for 3).  We asked the waiter's advice as to which cheeses to choose and his reco was excellent.  Each cheese comes with its own condiment so we had a baby mozzarella with a rhubarb compote, a paresan with strawberry and another cheese which I can't remember with marmelade - fantastic!  For my main, I had the gnocchi which was really good and my friend had some kind of pasta with lemon and ricotta (she really liked it but it wasn't my thing).  Both were around $20  We wanted a little something extra so we split a trio of sorbet - bergamot, rhubarb and mango - the rhubarb was my favourite  All in all, a great night.  The service was excellent, the room was really nice and the food was awesome (and reasonably priced).  My only complaint was that our cocktails were really small and didn't appear to have much alcohol in them.  I'd stick to wine if I went again.
4, So many choices running up and down the street.  How do you choose? Actually this place has been on my list for about 2 years. So even though I had to steer my husband here, and we kept looking up the road a bit, we ended up back here.  For starters the inside is nice, BUT, it kinda looks like a blacksmith vomited in there.  Someone needs to put the reigns on this tangled mess of metalwork.  There was some decorative painting along the stairs to the downstairs bathroom...kinda nice, and a soothing relaxing blue and cream palette that was quiite nice.  The noise level was loud and festive.  The appetizer dip plate Kria Polikiliea is an array of Taramosalata--a caviar and potato spread that was new to me, eggplant based dip, houmos, and Tztziki.  The serving was generous, but we had to ask for another pita.  The Quail appetizerwas delicious as my meal.  My husband had the Lamb boneless  I'm not a fan of the texture of the rice, but it seems pretty consistent through all of the Greek places I go, so I suppose it's me, not them.
5, I have a 2003 Jaguar S Type R which needed some basic break and suspension work due to the age of the car being over 10 years old.  Sean at Top Gear Motorsports recommended this shop with high confidence.  Coming from working with Sean for so many years, I was very impressed at the level of communication and high customer service I received from Joe and the family.  So far I have had the following done:  Rear calipers re-surfaced/new pads Rear suspension components (end links, bushings, tie rods) Front Struts Problem solved a clunking sound (figured it out in less than an hour) Alignment (to my own specs, which is great)  Joe always calls and explains the situation thoroughly, giving me a range of options, with absolutely no pressure.  He has never forced me to do something I didn't feel comfortable with.  He always makes sure that I leave happy and satisfied with the process.  There has never been a weird story or something that has made me feel like I was being taken advantage of, and that matters because I have a great BS meter and am a huge car guy.  Also the labor rate is very competitive and i was able to procure my own parts rather than buy from Jaguar, which has saved me thousands in $$$.  5 Stars, my only complaint is there is no shuttle service or car that can pick me up from work.  Great shop, highly recommended for your Jag or Euro import!!!
2, I tried Pita Pit for the first time a couple years ago when I received a free gift card from work. I was flustered from beginning to end--- I handed the cashier my gift card as payment, and he just thought it was some sort of promo card. He then asked for my debit card, which I passed over. When I questioned him why my gift card did not run, he was very perturbed and snapped at me when he had to cancel and re-do the transaction. Then, I ordered the Gyro, which anywhere else would not require much description. Well, I was confused by the fact that I was asked what I wanted on my Gyro (um, the usual Gyro ingredients?!) and that Hummus costs additional (which is not ever mentioned at the register when ordering the Gyro).  Maybe I've never gotten over this initial experience, but I have yet to truly enjoy Pita Pit. I think the Pitas are over-filled with meat and sauce and under-filled with vegetables. Though initially tasty, I always feel very ill after eating here... I only plan on returning when I get dragged here yet again by a co-worker trying to avoid the other two chain options on this block of East Carson.
5, If you come on a Friday or Saturday after 6 or 7pm, expect to have a bit of a wait. One nice perk is that they have an open table that you can stand at to enjoy your pre-dinner drinks so you don't have to crowd around those sitting at the bar. I absolutely love the atmosphere at this place with the big wood-burning pizza oven behind the bar where you can watch your pizza being cooked. They have a great selection of wines from different countries and their food options are not overwhelming, but always deliver big. When I went a couple months ago, they had caramelized brussel sprouts that they cooked in the wood-burning oven that were amazing!! I've tried many of their pizzas and haven't had one that I dislike. My favorites are the Quattro Formaggio and the Spicy Sopressata, which despite the name, is not too spicy. In the summer, a huge perk to this place is their outdoor patio. They have a couple long picnic tables and also have smaller tables along the fence. On a warm spring/summer night, it's very relaxing to sit outside and enjoy the nice weather.
4, So many great things to say about this place, but it didn't hit everything so that's why I had to mark it down one star. Check in was reasonable and the staff are friendly. At first I was taken back by the mandatory valet, but I like that it's based on gratuity/tip. I love that it's smoke free and still basically on the strip. The one bedroom suite is super spacious and could honestly comfortably fit four adults if tight on cash. Rom service provides good portions for the money and is prompt. So the markdowns come for the cleaning and the gym. There were two obvious strains on the curtains, which I know if I can see, housekeeping should be able to and thus CLEAN! Also, I was curious as to why there were a pair of men's dress shoes under the bed. Did housekeeping vacuum under the bed??? Clean with their eyes closed?? I dunno. Also, my friend went to get extra pillows from the closet and said there was hair on them and they were dirty...not acceptable. Lastly, I do workout everywhere and was slightly disappointed from the size of the gym. I was still able to get a mini workout in, but I guess I was expecting more variety and no kids. Typically this would be 3 stars bcuz if the cleanliness, but the customer service and space superseded the issues this time.
5, Warning: This review contains a lot of gushing and high praise. If this sort of unabashed adulation makes you uncomfortable, you might want to turn away now. You have been warned.   I HAVE NEVER HAD A BETTER BRUNCH EXPERIENCE IN MY ENTIRE LIFE!  The White Brick Kitchen really knows what they're doing and I don't have even one solitary complaint (and, believe me, I'm very picky and thoroughly enjoy complaining when it's warranted - so I would if I could, but I honestly can't).  Allow me to regale you all with the delicious tale of my delightful brunch.   My friend and I were fearful that we would have to wait for a table when we arrived at 10 am on a Sunday.  It was such a pleasant surprise when we were seated immediately and quickly presented with both coffee and freshly squeezed orange juice.  The atmosphere of the restaurant is very welcoming, laid-back and cozy.  I already felt very content as I sipped my OJ, little did I know that I was about to be sky rocketed from content to off-the-charts-euphoric.  It seemed as though we had only just placed our orders for the Scotch-ish Eggs when they were set before us, as if by magic. The service was so fast that it verged on ridiculous, but the quality of the food did not suffer in the least.  On paper, the Scotch-ish Eggs sound super tasty (two panko fried soft boiled eggs, hollandaise, greens, buttered baguette and potatoes), but nothing can fully prepare you for how transcendent this dish truly is.  I am awestruck by how perfectly cooked the soft-boiled eggs were in spite of the fact that they were breaded in panko and deep fried.  I have no idea how they still manage to maintain the optimal runny yolk consistency while creating such a crispy coating on the outside of the egg; it's nothing short of incredible.  Every component of the meal was outstanding - from the dressing with a subtle hint of Parmesan on the salad to the golden brown potatoes.  I can't say enough good things about this dish, you really have to try it!  I'm excited to return to The White Brick Kitchen soon to try their other dishes (if they're anything like the Scotch-ish Eggs, I am definitely in for a treat).  I loved that even though they're offering high-quality food, the prices are very reasonable.  Great spot, great staff and sublime food. You really cannot ask for more!
3, It's probably exactly what a reasonable person would expect from a recently renovated, small 'locals' casino -- clean & modern 24/7 cafe with a basic menu, decent food & cheap to fair prices.  I ordered the onion rings as an appetizer, & the Meatballs & Spaghetti as the main course, however, as a vegetarian, I asked for just spaghetti marinara -- no meatballs!  First out was a small salad, which comes with the entree.  It was good.  Next out were the onion rings -- about 8-10 rings of various sizes, and Ranch dressing as a dipping sauce.   The onion rings were pretty greasy, as I suppose most are, so I'm not complaining, however I do expect a big stomach-ache from them at any moment -- hopefully I'll be home by then!   I do wish more places would get rid of (more of) the grease before serving onion rings, or set them down atop a diaper or something!   The pasta course was good.  Instead of them bringing Parmesan cheese on the side, the entree came with it already atop the pasta -- fine for me, but beware, if you don't want cheese.   Also included with the pasta entree were two fresh garlic bread sticks -- they were very handy in absorbing the excess liquid in the bowl of pasta.  I was sad but not surprised to see that instead of deducting a dollar or two off the price of Meatballs & Spaghetti ($8.99) since I asked for pasta & sauce without the meatballs, I was charged full price.  My bottom line:  Decent food at an OK price & good, friendly service, but neither the casino (I don't gamble) nor the restaurant will be a 'destination' for me -- I came here because I was curious, my curiosity is now satisfied, and I don't see a reason to return.    But if you're a local looking for a small, clean & friendly place to gamble or hang out at the bar & watch a game on TV & while you're here already, you're hungry for some basic food, Sarah's Kitchen will meet your needs.
1, I'm convinced that the Eaton Centre is the modern incarnation of Dante's "Inferno". As in, it is hell. Pure hell.  Believe you me, I love a good shopping mall as much as the next gal, but I avoid the Eaton Centre like the plague. Oh Eaton Centre, how do I hate thee? Let me count the ways:  1) Teeming with truant teenagers and tired tourists, travelling through the mall itself is a true testament to tenacity. The layout of the centre is confusing, and combined with the constant crowds, navigation can be complicated and challenging (cue applause).   2) It is said that "variety is the spice of life." Consider that the Eaton Centre has 3 Aldos, 2 Bell Worlds, 2 Feet Firsts, 2 Nutrition Houses, and 2 Sunglass Huts, to name a few. Is this really necessary? Is it a secret ploy by the city of Toronto to encourage everyone to be getting proper nutrition while rocking fabulous footwear, sporting sunglasses and chatting on a cell phone?   3) The one redeeming quality of the Eaton Centre - the prime, central location - is also, in several ways, its downfall. Parking is expensive. Hordes of people travelling to and from Dundas and Queen stations and the PATH converge here. Trying to hunt for deals isn't easy when battling major pedestrian traffic.    4) The washrooms - if you can find one, that is - are always in high demand. High demand washrooms equate to dutty, dutty washrooms.  For decent mall shopping, Yorkdale is just a hop and a skip away by subway, and is far less congested with pretty much the same (if not better) selection of stores.
2, You know, for the price, this isn't a dump.  If you're looking for something cheap and acceptable, this is it.  However, what I really didn't like was the deception.  That's why I'm dinging them down to two stars.  I booked this through expedia, and the Website clearly stated that there were no resort fees, just $45 total for two weeknights.  Okay, no resort fees.  So on check-in, I asked what the final rate would be.  "We can't tell you, because you booked this through expedia," she said.  "They don't give us any numbers."  Okay, all right.  Then upon checkout, they charge a $20.22 resort fee for two nights.  WTF?!  That brought the total for two nights up to $65.  Okay, so that's still a good rate.  But why deceive us?  This is an old hotel, and it shows.  It didn't disgust me.  The room was clean.  There were some small problems.  I had a problem with the shower when it suddenly went cold on me.  And for some reason, they don't put blankets on the beds, only sheets, and it took me a couple hours to figure out how to turn down the A/C.  Small things.  But hey, they had free wifi and all the cable I could consume.  I felt safe in the parking lot because they have some pretty strict guards making sure that everybody who comes into the lot has a room key.  So I used the El Cortez as home base to do business away from downtown.  When I did stay downtown, it was fine.  At 2 am, I saw a couple hookers, and even one walking into the hotel, but during the day, it was nice to take a stroll down the Fremont Experience, which is just a block away.
3, I booked this trip through Viator.  Got a decent deal.  I initially booked the South Rim.  Later, I requested to be picked up at my hotel.  They said that they have 6 people being picked up at a nearby hotel.  I realised that WE were those six people.  THe woman at the phone seemed to be exasperated at my persistence to be picked up at our hotel.  I later found out that there were no people to be picked up at the other hotel, and the number at our hotel increased to 8 people. I then asked for her manager who accommodated us in about 5 minutes.  When you arrive at the station, there is a guy who says that the trip to the Grand Canyon's South Rim is about 5 hours, where the trip to the West Rim is about 2. Also, that the temperature  at the  South Rim is much colder.  So we changed to the West Rim and nearly paid 50 dollars more per person, actually paying more than the higher priced WEst Rim ticket. However, we saw the Hoover Dam from two vantage points, got to see the WEst Rim, and got home in time for dinner!  Definitely get the West Rim!  Our bus driver was ok.  His name is Kemo.
5, As a hair colouring novice, I am a little apprehensive about who touches my hair. I have been on the hunt for the perfect shade of cool ash - trying to shy away from red tones as much as possible. But no matter what salon I visited (mainly in the Durham Region), the colour always ended up having a brassy tinge to it. I set out to find someone who could dye my hair exactly like I wanted. My office recently relocated to King St. E, and I looked for a salon within walking distance - finally landing on McManus and Campbell in the Distillery district. I booked an appointment with Sharon McManus (one of the owners). She listened to my concerns and helped me pick a cool ash tone out of a book of samples. My hair looks amazing, and I can finally say that I am truly happy with the result!  And as an added bonus...THEY HAVE A SALON DOG. A sweet black lab named Rita who they rescued from Mexico I believe. She is a sweetheart who roams around the salon looking to be petted and will occasionally sit on your feet as you're getting your hair washed. The prices are also very fair... I have long, thick hair and after tax my full head of colour comes to $90.    Definitely worth a visit!
3, Retro thrift store aesthetic meets indie backroom music show stage meets alt food scene, all wrapped up in a resto-café. I've been here just a few times and it gets just above a 'meh' rating from me. None of the food I've had here is remarkable in any sense, though I do like very much that it's a health-conscious menu. To qualify, I haven't had a full meal: just lattés, tacos and treats. I tried an iced tea, which was watered down so as to not have much flavour at all, but my friend liked it fine. She drank my iced tea and bought me a chai latté instead, which was honestly still just... meh. My date square treat was also nothing special, taste-wise. However, I will report that my friend's goat cheese sammie was very tasty according to her. So, seems it's a bit hit and miss.  The music is LOUD.  The seating is eclectic but comfortable enough, and you're definitely welcome to hang out with your laptop for all eternity.  Ultimately, it wouldn't be my first pick for places to meet and chow down, but I did catch a really fantastic music show there one night, so I'd go back for another sometime.
1, My friends and I were very excited to have brunch in a nice French restaurant while in Las Vegas. However, our experience was quite disappointing.  The 20 minute wait to be seated was completely reasonable. But the 20 minute wait to get our order taken and then the 40 minutes it took them to prepare 2 sandwiches, a bowl of soup, and one pastry is unspeakable for such a high-end restaurant. We were wondering what took them so long to prepare our food and then realized it was so they could turn a "medium rare" steak sandwich into an overcooked piece of wood. We probably would have sent it back, but it would have taken another 40 minutes and we were very hungry by that point.  Our waitress did not offer much detail or information about the menu to our group, which was clearly not well-versed in French. She was also very slow to refill our water glasses, and when she did, the water was lukewarm. I was wondering if this was a French thing, but saw that other tables were offered pitchers of ice water.  Glad I decided to eat an egg and cheese biscuit in the Venetian food court before heading up and waiting an hour to eat a $10 cup of soup in Bouchon.
5, I don't think words can describe how much I love Brew Tea Bar! What makes it even better is that it's only a couple minutes away from my house! I literally go here every day, it's pretty embarrassing..  On my first visit, I ordered the Honey Milk Tea with honey boba and pudding, which was alright. I also tried their caramel slushy (I don't' know exactly what it's called) but it was waaaay too sweet for me. My boyfriend then introduced me to my favorite drink, Hokkaido Milk Tea with honey boba (also good with grass jelly) !!! I'm so in love with this drink, you have no idea! It's all I ever get and I refuse to drink anything else, because it's THAT good. If you like milky drinks like I do, then I highly recommend getting the Hokkaido Milk Tea! I recommend trying their crepes as well!  Not only is their boba perfect, but they also have excellent customer service! I love how they are willing to adjust your drink to your liking. I also love how the employees remember me and my boyfriend! We come here so often that sometimes they give us a large instead of a regular drink, which is AWESOME! This place just has really chill vibes and a friendly environment. I don't think I'll ever go to another boba place, because this is honestly the best one we have in Vegas.
3, I decided to hold off on writing this review until I finished my transaction elsewhere and now that it's done I can address this dealer. The dealer was nice and seemed well kept, the people were friendly and didn't feel attacked when we pulled up. We had an appointment with a salesman who was actually great and a pleasure to speak with until his manager got involved. I've purchased/sold more cars than I've ever wanted to so I knew where I wanted to be with my trade in and where I wanted to be on the new purchase based on the current sales and rebates. The manager came in about $1000 lower than where I wanted on the trade which wasn't a deal breaker until he told us the price of the new truck. It was a few thousand higher than I had figured based on the incentives and I told him that I've already gotten better pricing in writing from other dealers but they were a little further away drive time. He said "they're not going to honor that price but go ahead and try, you'll be back when they don't". Let me just tell you that speaking this way to my wife and I assures we wont be back and we did end up saving almost $2000 buying elsewhere. This likely could have been a positive experience but this managers arrogance cost him and the dealer not only the sale but any/all future service's and referrals.
5, Wow! I called this company based on these positive reviews and I was not disappointed. It was the first time in ten years of homeownership that I had to call an electrician. Grateful I haven't needed one before, but pleased with the service!  I called on a Friday, mid afternoon. I spoke with Andrea and let her know we were having an unknown issue with something in the pool area. I asked for Saturday service, but she said the next two Saturdays were booked. I was ready to scoot off the phone, but she then asked if the next hour would be a good time for the servicemen to come out.   I was stunned that they were able to come out so promptly and diagnose the issue. It luckily turned out to be a minor issue and the cost was less than $150.00. They didn't charge a rush fee, didn't try to upsell, got to business and got the issue resolved. Dennis and crew were professional and efficient.   Our pool pump had been inoperable for months. We were having out of town guests in and didn't want them to see our discolored water and stagnant pool, but problem solved. Our guest also complimented the pool. Yaay.  Thank you very much!
5, Came here yesterday with a group of 5 for their 2000s R&B/Hiphop partaaay! Great atmosphere & great music reminiscent of the good ole high school/college days :) Some friends went to their 90s R&B/Hiphop event a few months back & enjoyed it too so go check that out! I want to come back for a flamenco show. Anyways, my 5 stars has to do with the set-up of this place. (Note: I've been here once before for post-dinner dinner since the fattie in me got hungry again. Ate their chips/guac & Sonoran dog & it was good. Get it if you like dirtydogs).   As I was saying, the set-up is nice because the outdoor area allows you to enjoy the food while having an audible conversation, but if you're curious about the live band/DJ/show or want to just vibe with the music you can sneak inside and grab a drink by the bar. And perhaps you like what you're hearing and want to dance it off ... the dance floor is yours! Our cover charge was $5 at the door for guys/girls ($3 if purchased online), I'm not sure if that's always the case. I REALLY liked that they have these "bleacher seats" extended across the back wall so if you're tired from dancing or maybe you don't like to dance at all but just want to enjoy the music, you can just chill back there without having to  pay for a table or deal with all the inconveniences of a swanky club.  Big plus for all you ladies in heels who need to rest your poor little toes!  *Parking: Plenty of metered parking and lots.. use them! I thought we snagged a great non-metered spot for free on the side street, but it was a fail & I got a parking ticket for being too close to a fire hydrant :( So watch yourself!
5, Had a date night with the wife recently and decided to try Momocho from a recommendation of a friend.  I saw all the reviews and decided to go with the Guacamole sampler.   We got an original, crab, and pineapple habanero as our choices.  Original was just regular old plain guac.  I wouldn't get that again.  Not with so many different choices to choose from.  Next, the crab didn't do it for me.  My wife liked it, though.  So if you don't like seafood in your guac like me skip the seafood options.  My favorite was the pinapple habanero.  Simply outstanding.  Next time I may opt for just 1 guac and some salsas.  My wife ordered the pork carnitas and I had the hanger steak.  Both meals were completely cooked to perfection and was more than enough food for dinner.  Heck, the guac was more than enough.  I ordered coffee and jalapeno bread pudding for dessert.  Coffee made with cinnamon and brown sugar?  Was amazing.  The bread pudding had the jalapeno taste without the bite.  Was also to do for.  I highly recommend it.  They tell you when you make the reservation that your experience will last about 2 hours.  That was spot on.  We didn't feel rushed.  Nor did we feel it was too slow.  We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves and will easily go back.  The best part was I didn't spend as much as I thought I would.  So its very reasonable.
2, It seems this Lenscrafters has two account, so I don't mind post on both.   Their policy(30 days adjustment guarantee) is great and the specialists are professional and nice. However, the managers(a man and a woman) are terrible. I deeply felt I was treated unfair and discriminated either because of my race, or because the purpose of my visit was to fix the glasses's problems.  Instead of fixing the problem of the eye glasses they provided, the male manager would prefer to spend time on getting new customers. I went to Lenscrafters to fix a problem of my new glasses and unfortunately it was a busy day for them. He said to me that he would recommend me to come another day because they were busy. Before and after he said this to me, he didn't say the same words to all other customers who needed to get a new glasses or to pick up a glasses. He quickly assigned them (many people came after me) to specialists' tables and let me wait at the shopping area for 30 minutes. Was that because I was Asian, or because he didn't taking my request(fixing the problem of the glasses) seriously? Both.  What the female manager only cared about was getting you out of there as quick as she can and getting more customers. The third time I went there to pick up an adjusted glasses, the female manager assigned me to a specialist's table. I had been waiting for 20mins at the table, which I thought it was totally ok because they were busy. However, when a specialist finally came to me and started to help me to adjust my glasses, the female manager came to talk to the specialist right away and said "after you get this done, I want you to go to another table." She pointed at the table where two white female customers JUST CAME 1 minute ago. That specialist hadn't even started helping me yet and I could sense that he felt awkward, too. He was nice and tried his best to adjust my glasses. During this time, the female manager came twice to our table to rush him go to another table to serve the white ladies. I ignored her and kept talking with the specialist about my glasses. I needed to get my glasses adjusted right since that was the second time to fix this problem. The female manager kept standing 1 meter away from our table and starring at us the whole time. I guess to this female manager, white customers were more important, their time was more valuable and they should not be waiting for a "long" time. Therefore she believed that she could rudely and frequently interrupt the service I was receiving and ask the specialist who was helping me to quickly get my part done and to run to help the white customers. If this wasn't her logic, I didn't know what her logic was.  I wouldn't go to Lenscrafters again. Terrible experience.
1, This "was* my go to steak house place in Vegas. I come very often. This is my anniversary weekend and this place just ruined it. I asked for a certain bottle of wine per arrival....and once arriving I was told it wasn't available anymore. They has a different bottle as an alternate. Fine. Once getting the bill I notice it's a good $25 more than the bottle that I usually order. I ask then about it and (what i assume is the manager) comes over.  He asks me if I was made aware of this by our server. I inform him I don't even know how are server was because we've have at least 4 people serve us. Which is not the norm when we have our usual server serve us. He informs us that hes going to ask the server if she informed us. If she did we would be charged accordingly..if not he would fix it. He finally came back and told us that she had informed us in which we said we would that's impossible. End of story they weren't going to discount us a dollar and we're paying whatever they say because they said so.  I haven't even mentioned that not once did we get our wine refilled.....and we had to wait 1 hour to get our order fulfilled. Worst experience ever. Especially for a anniversary. I never not come here on my visits but this could be the last time I ever come here. I will reach out to the higher above. This was just unacceptable for a $200 meal for 2 people
2, Food is good, coffee is good, location is relatively easy to get to and park at...so why the 2 stars?  The service sucks a lot.  Started going to Coca a few years ago and the service staff used to be super nice.  I always expect a long wait, but they always made you feel welcome, so I didn't mind.  However, the past 3-4 times I've been there, the service has gone WAY downhill.  From the greeting to the service at the tables...wow.  2nd to last time I went I was told "1 hour" for 3 people.  Stood around outside for a bit...got cold and went inside to buy a to-go coffee (which I've always been able to do before).  Was told by one of the servers that it was "discouraged" to get coffee before we sat down, so we can go get coffee down the street...in a condescending "why are you bothering me" tone.  Um...you discourage people to buy coffee from you?  Last time I went, another 1 hr wait for 2 people.  Came back 30mins later, and wanted to see how far we were on the list.  The server snatched up the list, and said "An hour from whenever I first told you" and walked away.  Nice.  So we went to Square Cafe instead in Regent Square...just as busy, just as many people...but far nicer and actually apologized for the 20min wait time.
4, We went last night for AZ Restaurant Week...I really like the atmosphere, much bigger than I thought it would be!  We had a reservation so when we got there, it just took a few minutes, then we were seated.  I got the spicy sausage and vegetable soup, it was really good, nice and spicy!  My husband ordered the meat and cheese plate, it was fine, just average.  I'm sure if you were to custom order this, would be much better.  The entrees that we ordered were the Jambalaya and the Short Rib Stew.  The Jambalaya was a huge portion and quite tasty, spicy, smokey, delish.  We were really looking forward to the stew, we had seen it on the cover of Phoenix Magazine, kind of disappointing.  It seemed a bit bland, it if wasn't for the amazing cornbread, would not have completed the dish.  For dessert, we both had the salted caramel pudding, best dessert I have had in a long time.  I don't think I have enough descriptive words in my vocabulary to explain this....just salted enough, creamy, decadence, perfection.    All in all, a really nice meal!
4, Tower City Center 50 Public Square Cleveland, OH 44113  If you ever find yourself in Cleveland, you cant go without visiting the Tower City Center. This Historic land mark used to be know as the Cleveland Union Terminal and signs of its history are everywhere.   This unique center is connected to two hotels (Ritz Carlton & Renaissance) a huge casino (Horseshoe), an 11-screen movie theater, 100 shops, 6 restaurants, and  Cleveland's mass transit system. (RTA). They also have connected walkways to Progressive Field, and Quicken Loans Arena.  The Skylight Concourse is definitely something to see; this four story (+) tall atrium overlooks the Cuyahoga river hosting a food court and cinema. Here you can grab some stir-fried veggies at Sakkio Japan, Bourbon Chicken at Kelly's Cajun Grill, or just a warm pretzel from Auntie Anne's while enjoying the scenery of  downtown Cleveland and Ohio City.  The holidays at Cleveland City Center is truly a sight to see. In December they have a 40ft tall Christmas tree with larger than life hanging mechanical ornaments, Gingerbread village, and the best thing ever, the Twigbee Shop! Here you can bring kids under 12 with their shopping list for parents, grandparents, siblings, aunts, and uncles and a volunteer helps the little ones buy gifts under $10 that are pre-wrapped.   Besides all the cool shops, you can truly just get lost in this place and enjoy the sights and sounds. Eat, drink, shop, eat, drink, shop... How can you go wrong with that. If all else fails, go blow your shopping money at the casino.  One of my favorite amenities at City Center is the subway. Cleveland's RTA rumbles below the center giving you the feel a bustling metropolis. Here you can jump the sub and go pretty much anywhere you want in the city, and the mall resembles an oldtyme train station. Just the architecture alone draws me in, I can spend an entire day meandering the halls, people watching, sipping coffee and munching on some delicious treats.  Tower City Center is a safe, clean, and fun place to take the kids, watch a movie, or blow your paycheck, just remember to get your parking ticket validated.
2, I've totally given up on this place.    The staggeringly bad choices for Asian food around Moon / Sewickley are just all around.    Since I live nearby, I hit this place as a default setting.  Kung Pao Chicken ($11) and Shrimp Toast ($7.95).  It adds up in a hurry and by the end of the meal, you wonder, "Where did it all go?"  Or if you are feeling a little on the existential side, "Is that all there is?"  For the price, the Kung Pao Chicken tastes cheap and rubbery.  On the good side, you get plenty of this cheap and rubbery chicken.  Flavor is just meh.  A bit on the bland side sometimes.  The Shrimp Toast is OK.  Most times I have ordered this, it comes burnt.  Since it's mostly pizza places that deliver to our house, Hunan is the only non-pizza option that delivers.  If I order Kung Pao and Shrimp Toast, I easily get to the $15 minimum delivery threshold.  But, in the end, I should have just driven myself to Leetsdale or Robinson for something better.  On the upside, if you do end up eating inside the restaurant, very nice people work there.  But, the food coming out of that kitchen is just bland, bland, bland.
3, This location is located right behind my office building. We start work at 6am. By the time Sakana opens at 1130 we are well ready for lunch.   The food is so very good, however the service and lack of regard when it is mentioned is atrocious.  If I call a business at the time they open(1130am) I would expect for someone to take the call. Not the case with this location. I have had the phone answered, been asked to hold, then proceed to wait 20 mins for the person never to pick the phone back up.    If you advise them of multiple orders, they still pack everything together in as few boxes as possible making it hard to separate the orders.   We call in our order due to only having 30 mins to eat.  Pre-ordered food is a blessing as it literally takes 4 mins for us to get there and pick it up.  Going in and ordering takes 25 mins just for them to prepare it, which means no time to eat.   So sad that I will now have to find another sushi spot that can be delivered because I can't spend any more lunch hours hoping they will answer the phone.
4, What a great little place!   They offer a 2-for-1 drink specials all day everyday with All-You-Can-Eat for Lunch and Dinner 7 Days a week, including an appetizer and dessert item!   There are literally over 100 rolls to choose from, categorized by style (Baked, Tempura, etc.) Be careful though, anything you don't eat (unless you don't like it) they'll charge you for individually. I suggest (as do they) ordering little-by-little and opting for half rolls, when you can. This is to prevent people from ordering extra rolls "to-go."  My friend and I sat down about 2pm on a Saturday and the place was occupied but not packed full. Our waitress was also very patient as we perused the menu over and over each time to decide what we wanted. Running staff was attentive at refilling our water glasses regularly but the one odd thing was our soy sauce bottle was replaced...three times. THREE! The first bottle was half empty, the second 3/4 full and the 3rd completed filled. It wasn't obtrusive to our meal, just comical.   Even without the All You Can Eat, the prices were incredibly reasonable. It's not much for ambiance, but it looked beautiful and tasted great!
4, Dinner at Lago was fantastic, from the setting to the service to the food and drinks. We sat outside on a beautiful fall evening, with the sights and sounds of Cleveland's Flats gradually coming back to life. It's a great menu, with lots to choose from. We had the calamari (sauteed, not fried, in a delicious tomato sauce that was perfect for dipping lots of bread in) and the homemade pasta with meatballs. It's the best of comfort food, with enough imagination and elegance to make it special. I had a delicious easy glass of pinot noir and my boyfriend had a gin martini -- we agreed it was exactly how we like our martinis: extremely cold, with just the right balance, and awesome cheese stuffed olives. Our only disappointment was the mushroom pizza--the crust is nothing special and the toppings were just ok. We were so happy (and full) at that point, the so-so pizza didn't faze us at all. We'll just stick to ordering pizza at Humble in Lakewood, and come back to Lago for the pasta. A great evening all around!
5, You have to try this place out if you love Mediterranean food and if you are REALLY hungry. Yes come here really hungry because the portions are huge!   There is a small market that is attached to the small dining area. It's not too pretty but don't let that stop you from trying out their food!   We stopped by for dinner and it was starting to get busy when we arrived. There aren't too many tables but they were definitely doing their best to clean them as soon as people were done.   We were helped right away and menus were given to us. They have sandwiches and a ton of entrees to pick from. We decided to order one shish kabob, one gyro plate, and a chicken schwarma plate.   My chicken schwarma was delicious! It came with a ton of chicken, hummus, delicious basmati rice, and a piece of pita. My husband had the shish kabob plate and the also came with rice, grilled vegetables, and a side salad. He also had a small guava drink for $3.50 (no refill) but it was well worth it.  Each plate was priced about $10 each. We spent about $45 and were there about an hour. Portions are really big and so we still had food leftover.   I would definitely be back to try the chicken schwarma in the sandwich style.
5, What a hilarious situation. My friend from Belgium won $100 gift card for Gus about 2 years ago and he's been traveling the world with it in case he made it back to Montreal. Last week we both ended up in Montreal at the same time and we're able to use the beat up voucher. The meal did not disappoint and the restaurant was charming along with the staff.   We ordered the surf and turf for two for $79 and that alone would have been enough food for us. The scallops were great. The shrimp was great. The meat was great. A little thick on the sauce for me but my friends loved it.  We also ordered the horse tartare which I wasn't crazy about and the Caesar salad with caviar on top. Now that was a delicious salad and there was such a large portion of caviar.  We didn't save room for dessert but somehow we ended up with a piece of blueberry cheesecake in front of us and it was one of the best pieces of Cheesecake I've ever had. Very light and a blueberries were a special variety from Canada.   Overall a fantastic dining experience. I recommend sitting at the bar and being part of the open kitchen. Thanks to all the staff at Gus for a great last night in Montreal!
5, We really had a good week here recently! We arrived in town early on a Sunday, checked in (surprisingly short line!), but rooms were not ready yet as they had had a busy weekend. No problem, we checked our luggage and went to get something to eat. We checked back in at the desk and were given our rooms (we always upgrade to GO Rooms), and shortly after that our luggage was brought up to us! The staff was very friendly and helpful. Our rooms were very nice, cleaned daily and always while we were out. I loved our view, best we've ever had in countless trips to Vegas. The bed was very comfy. We even had a fridge in our room! There are plenty of elevators in this hotel and you can use different ones to get quicker access to different parts of the hotel/casino. We loved meeting for breakfast on the patio in the gardens where we would sit with a muffin and coffee and plan our day. The pool was nice too. We did not get a car due to traveling with a group this time so it was nice to be so centrally located with access to everything we wanted to do. We tried the new Carlos N Charlies' restaurant and it was good. We also like the food court, very handy with plenty of options. Our only complaint was with the restaurant, while the food & service were pretty good the problem was when it was time to leave we had to wait in a long line to pay our bill! They could have used a few more staff people to expedite this process.
3, First off, I'd give this place a solid 2.5, but since there's no option for half stars...3 will do. Just because I feel generous.   Service: okay. When we walked in, a guy behind the counter just stared blankly at us and asked if it was dine-in and handed us menus and told us to sit where ever, so ok cool. It took about 10 minutes before the same guy came to us to approach us and ask for drink orders, and by this time, 2 other tables have sat. He was the only apparent server so I was trying to cut him slack (I work in the restaurant biz), but if you were the one who handed us menus and serve us...10 minutes is a stretch. He let my drink go empty twice, but partially my fault--I was thirsty. Didn't really come by and check if we needed anything, we eventually got what we needed ourselves by reaching onto the server's counter (sorry). There were about 5 tables in there around the time we went (6pm-6:30pm), so it wasn't that busy...service could've been better in my opinion.   Food and Pricing: I ordered a medium bowl of pho dac biet, probably the most common pho in any pho restaurant. The portion was SMALLER than most pho restaurants I've been to, and more expensive than the other pho restaurants I've been to. It was about 10$ for a medium, and in my opinion, was NOT worth it. The broth is more on the bland side, so season well with the condiments. Probably about 6 pieces of meat in there max, so if you like a large portion of meat in your pho, don't eat here. I also ordered an order of spring rolls. They were eh, okay. They're small also compared to other restaurants, and of course, cost a little bit more than other restaurants.   Overall: It was a whim coming in here, I probably won't be back because I live in Charlotte and was just in the area. If I was from the area, I'd probably try somewhere else also. The portion of the food just didn't match the price, you can find better pho elsewhere. Even if that means driving a little further. The service wasn't spectacular either to make up for the food. Pretty much to sum it up, mediocre. I'd recommend eating elsewhere!
5, Ohh, Las Vegas. "Kid-friendly" doesn't generally come to mind when you think of Sin City, but clearly that moniker was developed before the brand new My Gym Children's Fitness Center  came to town! The new gym is in Henderson near Whole Foods...(The old one, btw, is closed and this new one is under different ownership/management!)  The facility itself is so fresh and so clean... My young daughter can run around barefoot and not walk away with black soles on her feet or grime on her hands, and it's the only children's facility I've been where they use only organic, natural products to clean their equipment (and it doesn't smell hippy dippy).   In addition to a safe, clean place to play, the program is FANTASTIC. The teachers, Jeremy and Ben, pack so much into an hour...! It's definitely not a free-play sort of place (you should expect to do everything with your child if they're under 3), but I wouldn't *want* it to be; we love singing and dancing together at circle time, trying out the different tumbling skills, and climbing together on equipment together. I feel like a little kid again, haha.  Best of all, they offer free trial classes. I definitely plan on coming back with a friend or two so we can take class together. :)
4, Ordered lunch using Foodora. I ordered the Chick'n Pot Pie with a market salad on a side, and a Banana Chocolate Chip Sour Cream Cake. Overall, I was pleased with my order. This is a restaurant I'd try again. I gave 4/5 stars for the great pot pie. I wish the price was cheaper though but it's understandable since most vegan restaurants have this price point. See details on the food below!  Chick'n Pot Pie = 4/5  I really enjoyed this one. When it arrived, it was a bit warm, which is expected since it was delivery. I bet if I had this in the restaurant it would have been hot, comforting, and perfect. It had potatoes, sweet potatoes, carrots, red bell pepper, beans, peas, and a nice crust. I wish it had more chick'n though. The salad had spinach, shredded beets, red bell pepper, tomatoes, cucumbers, and balsamic vinaigrette. It was definitely filling and I'd order it again.  Banana Chocolate Chip Sour Cream Cake = 2.5/5 This was a fancier banana bread. The size reminds me of those school safe banana bread snacks you can get from Costco. It basically tastes like that - sweet. I was disappointed with this one since I found it pricey for what reminded me of a school snack. I thought it would be a slice of cake, but it looks just like that snack. I wouldn't repurchase this again. Definitely try a different dessert.
3, I've been a member for almost 1 year now and feel comfortable leaving a review of the services.  The facility itself is very professional, simple and well decorated.  The rooms are very calming, clean and quiet.  The therapists themselves are very varied in their techniques and skill levels.  I have tried 5 different therapists before finally finding one who is AMAZING.  The first therapist I had was TERRIBLE and I felt like i wasted my money.  The good thing about this facility is that there are many therapists on staff so if you don't like one you then you can try another.  The other therapists were good for first timers or clients looking for a non-aggressive relaxing massage.  I enjoy high pressure deep tissue massages and I finally found an amazing therapist who I exclusively book appointments with.  I had a couple of negative experiences where I got 2 eye stys immediately after my massage.  I noticed on both occasions that there was residue black eye makeup on the face towel where I lay my head.  I don't know if the face towel was reused but I also understand that mascara and eyeliner don't wash out of white towels so I just assumed that the towels were fresh at the time.  I also did not request to have them changed because I didn't want to be rude so that was my mistake and I can't prove that the towels were reused so I won't fault them for that.    In summary, if you have signed up for a membership then take the time to really try different therapists and find the one that is right for you. The staff are very polite and professional.  The value is great if you go for regular massages but only if you have a great therapist.
3, Great service station that knows what they are doing but try to sell you things and then note it on your service record in your account for the next time, whenever you decline.  Case in point, I've been here a handful of times, (and have also done some preventive maintenance myself), and they've changed my oil. All the while the person is changing your oil, they pull other parts out of the car (air filter, etc) and ask that you get them replaced, even if they've been replaced somewhere else. When I told them I got the part fixed before, they asked "where" in an almost confronting manner, as if they never believed it was done. Some of the service was done by them only months prior, and they acted as if they couldn't find it within their computers. Shouldn't be that hard, if whenever I decline their service that they offer me besides the oil change, they remind me the next time that I declined them the last time. I argued with the last serviceman the last time I took my jeep in for a good 15 minutes about transmission flushes.   Stick to your guns while going here. If all you need is an oil+filter change, tell them that when you go there. Tell them that you are not interested in anything else, or that you do other maintenance measures yourself. Oil changes don't cost much, but when the salesy pitch is pulled out, you may end up spending an upwards of 300$ on something you don't really need!
3, The best thing about this restaurant is their pizza. Even though it's "raw" it's still really tasty and filling. The BLT is pretty good too, but messy to eat--definitely not a good first date food.   I think you have to keep an open mind when you go to places like this, because the rawness makes it harder to fool your average carnivore. I've seen children at nearby tables take one bite, make a face and push the plate away, whereas in places where they cook the vegan food kids will have no idea that they're not eating chicken fingers or whatever the item is.   The service here is slow. And when I say slow I mean I aged considerably while waiting for my food. I wish I could say this only happened once, but it's happened every time I've been there. I think it's because they make everything from scratch and there are only one or two people working in the restaurant at all times. If you have three or four tables, you do the math. It isn't pretty.  I'm happy to have this place open as an option, but it does not get my highest recommendation.
5, Fav HK diner for dinner in my books. Usually I brace myself for disappointment at HK diners because they're not known for their service or their quality of food, but this one made me question if I was dreaming.   Service was very fast and staff are friendly. They close at 10 and we were staying because the show on their tv ends at 10. We hurried to get our bill but they were like, that's ok the show isn't over, feel free to stay. Like how nice is that!   Dishes came promptly too, meaning that the dishes were hot when they arrived. Yay!   Decor is... Well, let's just say this isn't a place you'd want to set a candle lit dinner. But I mean it's a HK diner so what were y'all expecting?   OKAY SO THE FOOD. Cheap, and big portions! I love that they have enough toppings for my udon. Actually, they gave a lot and I'm so glad. Their fish in cream sauce on rice was great and very cheesy. My fav! Also, their pork and chicken chop with garlic sauce on rice qas great too. The sauce wasn't too strong. It was aromatic and delicious.   But lemme tell you about the satay chicken udon I had. Oh my goodness. So many toppings and they had strips of green and red pepper to help complicate the taste. The noodles weren't oily. You could actually taste the gusto the chef put in when he was cooking this delectable dish in his wok. Oh my gosh. Definite 5/5.  And then! We had free dessert! It was my fav. I have to say, this is a very unique recipe of coconut sago and I love it. This coconut sago has taro chunks and egg. The egg was the truly unique bit because it actually made the dessert feel smoother and it made the whole thing more aromatic. Usually I despise taro with every fibre of my being but not today! My mom even said this may be the only time I did not puke at taro.   My dinner was $9.50, came with a hot drink (I chose lemon water), a soup (I chose cream of veg but they also have Chinese soup), and if you're lucky, a dessert. What a deal, especially with the amount of food i got!   If you're a skeptic of HK diners like I am, please come to this place for dinner. It will change your mind. I will definitely come back. I mean this isn't my first time here, lol.
4, I was starving and sick from a bad sinus infection... My cravings were something fried, but also wanted some spicy soup to balance the two out. My thoughts were Tang Soo Yook and Jjampong!!!   We walked in a few minutes before closing and asked the server if she was still serving... she went back to the kitchen to see if the light was still on. If the light is on, that means the Chef can still cook for us and luckily it was!!!  I enjoyed their Tang Soo Yook, which is a deep fried pork that comes with a tangy jelly-like sauce.. similar to sweet and sour that they give you on the side to pour over. This came out steamy, hot!!! Tasted fresh and love the tempura/cornstarch batter that makes this deep fried pork so delightful to eat. The oil that was used seem new and made this dish taste light and perfectly crisp. Each bite was pipin' hot and delicious. The sauce that completes this dish consists of sliced cucumber, carrot, napa cabbage, wood ear mushrooms, and onion. I would say, without this sauce.. it would be very plain jane and definitely wouldn't be as good. Love!  My minus one star was the Jjampong. Although it had chunks of seafood, it lacked flavor tremendously. It was like putting chunks of cayenne pepper in water and heating it up. The spices didn't really do it for me and I felt like there were some missing ingredients that could have done wonders for this soup. That was the only thing that wasn't so great, but I did enjoy the texture of the noodles in this soup very much.   Their side dishes is very limited to only daikon and kimchi. But their kimchi is very notable... my Father loves the kimchi here and so do I. Small bite size square cut shaped, lightly seasoned, crisp, with a solid homemade taste. If they sold this by the jar, I would definitely buy a few :) Delicious.  This restaurant is also very known for their Jjajangmyun. A thick black soybean paste sauce with diced meat (pork) and vegetables (mainly diced onion). Normally, if you ask for Jjajangmyun, the sauce is already pre-made, but you can ask the server to cook the sauce fresh, which is called Gan Jjajang myun. If you like your vegetables cooked well, then order Jjajangmyun. If you like your vegetables semi-raw, then you will enjoy Gan Jjajang myun. I enjoy mine cooked well and so does my Mother. My Father, on the other hand orders the semi-raw. I don't think anybody knows that they can order it this way, so just sharing how my Family and I order our food choices here.  The location is somewhat hidden.. it's tucked in a corner nearby 168 market.. in between the Furniture Store and Nelson Barber Shop. Even the name of this restaurant is written in Chinese Characters, so don't look for Shan Dong!! Good service, great meal, and satisfies my cravings for Korean-Chinese cuisine.
5, My sister in law ordered food catered from here for my moms 80th birthday.I was visiting from California and I love Thai food and Chinese food and eat lots and have had lots of different places.The Orange Chicken and Egg rolls were very good.Actually great.As was the fried rice and noodles.I have had better Satay, but this was good  and I judge for overall eating experience and this one was so good.There was so much good food and they delivered and really laid out the spread very nice. I don't eat Broccoli but the beef and broccoli looked very good. What made my day and I crave for all the time was the peppered beef and the best Pork that I have ever eaten in my life I really don't know the name but is was a breaded pork that was a little bit spicy and the BOMB!I mean the Bomb.I love Spicy..  I can't wait till I go here in person and I will take some of that pork and put in freezer and take back to California with me. I will be coming here and eating this awesome food. I would recommend this food to be catered at a party to anyone . Your party will be a hit.. Right on!Bring your awesome place to Cali.. I love your food and could not get enough..EAT HERE WHEN IN LAS VEGAS.GREAT THAI AND CHINESE FOOD.....
5, C & Dubbs has been a go to place for many many years starting off in a small barn looking building which was very small with few seats and not much time to move around.  Then moving into a plaza with a larger dining area.  For those of you that are not aware this is the home of the infamous Sumo Burger and Super Sumo Burger.   The names of the burger should speak for them selves but in case they don't let me sum it up for you....INSANE.  The Sumo Burger is 1 lbs of meat and the Super Sumo is 1.5 lbs of meat.  Not only are these burger massive but they taste amazing also.  Its massive and super messy and super hard to eat.  A good burger is a messy burger.  Well that's what I say at least.  I have visited C & Dubbs many times but my last visit i realized I had never reviewed it.  On my last visit of course I had the Sumo Burger but I shared the fries as the burger and a whole plate of fries would have been way to much for me.  Burger was super juicy and tasty.  Dripping with goodness.  Fries were super crispy and tasty.  Seeing as I always order the Sumo Burger when I visit C & Dubbs i think next time i'm going to step out of the box and order something else that is on their great menu.    ALERT !!!!! Mississauga and Etobicoke and all surrounding areas C & Dubbs = Great charbroiled burgers.  Make sure to visit you wont be disappointed.
5, I had the best experience here. I went here a couple weeks ago on a Sunday. They were the earliest place that opened, so I came in with my two young daughters. I had Cindy and my daughter had Kelly. They did such an amazing job! They were very nice and Cindy gave me a suggestion on a design. My nails are natural and I like the gel manicures for protection. She did a beautiful purple tip with an ombré and glitter. They were amazing. Unfortunately I totally forgot to take pictures.  Friday, I went back to my old nail place because I had a gift certificate that I wanted to use up. They completely butchered my nails. I literally was in tears, because of the pain from the harder than normal grinding. Also the 20 times of being put under the light after every screw up. I knew there was no amount of fixing that would make it right, it really just kept getting worse. (And yes, I was the dummy that didn't get up and walk out. I was trying so hard to maintain composure and just hope that it turned out ok). So... Sunday I went straight back here. I explained what happened and they were so very nice. Cindy was busy, so I went with Julia (I believe that was her name). She was very attentive and careful. She did a beautiful job. Bottom line, I vowed never to go anywhere else again.
4, It's a small little place, right there on Willy St.  It's fairly cozy inside, with low lighting, but well chosen decor.  It's definitely not the best location for a large group, but if there's just a few of you, it's worth a stop.  As with other thai restaurants, they've got a spice scale (1 star = mild, 4 stars = Thai spicy), so you can customize the entree to your liking.  Not being overly into Thai/Laotian, I went with a "safe" selection, a stir fry in a sweet and sour based sauce.  I went with moderate spice. It was definitely a unique taste, one I would highly recommend!  I wouldn't consider it traditional fare, there were more than plenty of options, if that's your thing.  I was convinced to go in halvsies on a dessert of mainly coconut milk, rice, and cinnamon, topped with a slice of mango.  Good thing it was in season! It's one of those unique dishes that, I have to admit, doesn't sound like the most appetizing thing until you try it.  However, if you get the chance, go for it - it's a unique dish you won't want to pass up.  I'd recommend Lao Laan Xang for anyone else looking for a unique, tasty, meal.
1, Very disappointed with my experience here. My fiancé called the Casino and were told that our $35.00 parking fee would be waved for eating at the buffet. (We were only visiting for dinner). When we get down to the buffet we had to wait in line for about an hour and there were empty seats everywhere. So I decided to go up to the front to ask about how long it might take and the hostess basically ignored me and turned around and started yelling to her coworkers about how annoyed she was that "people" kept coming up and asking her about the wait. Long story short, we finally make it into the buffet area and were seated.  We had to wait about 10 minutes before we were even brought water. We finally got to the food only to find that it was not great. The fish was very dry. In all honesty the two things I really only enjoyed were the gumbo soup and cocktail shrimp. For the price of the buffet here and income of a casino I was expecting much higher quality food. We were also barely acknowledged by our waiter, and some of the other waiters were yelling slang to each other in the dining area. Very unprofessional. To top off our "not so good experience" we were told that we could not be refunded the $35.00 parking fee. But wait.. That's the only reason we parked there when we could have just payed $10 in the next parking garage. So $75 for a not so great dinner. We definitely won't be returning any time soon. I'd say the casino should step up there game in the dining department.
4, We always go to Mesa for special occasion. Absolutely love the dinner. We've been wanting to go for brunch and finally did. Here's my comparison of the two:  Brunch bread basket was better... which says a lot cuz I'm a sucker for the jalapeño cheese bread at dinner. But there's like some coffee cakes and oatmeal things and mini jalapeño muffins that were all delicious.   If you go for dinner you HAVE to get the cactus pear margarita on the rocks. By far the best margaritas we've tried to this day. Also their side of corn is amazing but seasonal. The tiger shrimp appetizer and rough cut tuna nachos are go tos for us as well.   As far as breakfast goes, we got both quesadillas (one with egg and one with salmons- i forget what they were called) and they were delicious. The sweet potato clam soup is also great, we've had it twice. It was better the first time but still very good. My waffles... AMAZING. I could have eaten a whole stack! My husbands potato hash Benedict wasn't as spectacular. The flavor was fine but it was all one note texture wise. Very mushy. The mango glazed bacon was good- take it or leave it.   Overall we are fans on Mesa and always come back. Usually we get a couple things we know we love and always try something new as well! Our service has always been excellent.
5, Where do you go for some off strip sushi to die for? "I Love Sushi" of course. I didnt know what to expect especially from a place called I Love Sushi, let alone it being located in a strip mall. Boy we're we surprised. This place was huge and had about 20 sushi chefs working behind the counter. The place was packed on a Tuesday night. I think the place seats about 200 easily. Wow. The food was awesome. AWESOME. The rolls were about $12-15 each but boy were they worth it. I guess one of the gimmicks of this place is the names of the rolls. Screaming Orgasm, Taste Like My Ex Girlfriend, Fat A$$ Special, and so forth. Regardless about the name, the flavor was top top notch. This is definitely one of my favorite places to eat at. Even though the names and description mention "special chef sauce", they are all different sauces that are highly recommended by the sushi chefs. I read somewhere there was a total of 81 chefs that are employed there. Here's a list of rolls we had:  (Check out the pictures I added to the I Love Sushi page. Warning: May cause a craving for some Sushi!)  Jackpot Roll - I dont remember the exact description but its a fried tempura roll with spicy mayo sauce. Spider Roll - Soft Shell Crab Screaming Orgasm - Seared Tuna in chef special sauce Fat Ass Roll - Tuna, salmon, yellowtail, white tuna, crab meat, avocado, deep fried panko, spicy mayo, hot sauce & eel sauce. I Love Sushi Special - Spicy tuna & cucumber topped with tuna & spicy special sauce Double D roll - Raw Salmon and tuna on a roll and then into the yummy sauce Dragon Roll - Lotsa lotsa Unagi. Baked Scallop Mushroom
4, After walking past the sign nearly every weekend this summer, I finally popped in to Prohibition for "the best brunch in town" when I realized I was much too lazy to attempt cooking for myself.  Admittedly, I have a tough time getting up and getting dressed on the weekends, so I'm not much of a brunch connoisseur.  That being said, their "best brunch in town" claims may not be that far from the truth.  I ordered the stuffed French toast, which featured two LARGE slices of sourdough bread, stuffed with mascarpone cheese, and topped with enough maple syrup, fresh strawberries, and whipped cream to put me into a sugar coma for the rest of the day.  Coming with a side of bacon, I couldn't ask for anything more.  Their brunch menu isn't extensive, but what they lack in options they make up for with pure quality, both in the ingredients they use and portion sizes they present.  My stuffed French toast left me entirely stuffed and very, very happy.  It's definitely on the pricier side ($13 for my meal, $15 for the plate my boyfriend ordered), but when I'm raving about the food to my coworkers on Monday morning, you know it's totally worth it.  I'm not as smitten with the service (we were starving and it was a little on the slow side), but everyone was friendly enough, and I will most definitely be back in the very near future.
1, Day five of my journey to get my carpets cleaned.  Friday show up at my door because they wrote the wrong number down and were unable to contact me.  Reschedule for Saturday and they send a truck out that is unable to reach my apartment.  Saturday round 2, send a truck with the same equipment that was unable to reach my apartment.  Call office girl who made mistakes refuses to talk to me.  Reschedule for Tuesday and I waste my entire day off waiting.  Quoted 2-5 and I get a call saying that they are going to be 45 minutes because they were on the other side of the city (@4:30 5 minutes before the 30 minutes they quoted when we called to confirm).  But it's ok because when they screwed up on Saturday they assured me it wasn't my fault which I'm sure they will tell me again.  THANK GOD...I have to sleep at night and all.  So here I am 40 minutes after they quoted me 45 more.  All I want is my damn carpets cleaned......if you don't mind wasting 2 of your days off and a lot of patience call them, their prices aren't bad.  But if you value your time rent a machine and do it yourself.  At least you'll know it was worth it and the only person holding you back is in fact you.
4, Debated on going 3 or 4 stars for the review. I would say that the firecracker shrimp, garlic noodles, selection of fresh spring rolls, and shaken beef deserve a 4 but pho is maybe a 3 and their crispy spring rolls is probably a 2.   Spring rolls: They have a great selection of some traditional and some really Americanized spring rolls, but nevertheless, their spring rolls are great. My grandmothers and Vietnamese restaurant-owning relatives probably wouldn't recognize half of the spring rolls they sell here, but they're tasty. My favorites? The Spicy Asian (Chinese sausage, imitation crab, sriracha, jalapeno, some sort of crunchy stick) and the Enlighten me (this one's vegetarian).   Pho: Average. This would not be the reason to come here, although I do get it from time to time. It's not the best, it's not the worst I've ever had. The broth is so-so, unremarkable. Also, I don't get cilantro with my veggie plate, which I think is really weird.   Drinks: They have a great selection of fun cocktails.   Starters: Get the firecracker shrimp with the garlic noodles. They go great together!   Service: Hit and miss. Sometimes, things can be really slow, but lately, things have been pretty good.
1, If you wanted to make an embodiment of all the stereotypes that are wrong with the fitness industry, that embodiment would be LA Fitness.  We have had a number of issues with LA Fitness. To keep this short we were lied to about personal training contracts which set off a cascade of events.  We had personal training for a year with LA.  When that expired we went to cancel our training and were told, at the time of signing, that we could use any banked sessions after canceling.  The personal training manager at the gym on Riverview (Peter) told us this was not the case and to prevent our 16 banked sessions from expiring 30 days later we could change our contract to one session per month.  We did.  After that we could never get in with our trainer.  We would show up to discover that he was working with someone else, we would schedule times with him and then they would mysteriously fall off the schedule, and we even noticed that we were being charged for sessions with other trainers that we didn't book.  We believe that Peter was filling our trainer's schedule with new clients and pushing us off since we were on our way out. When talking to Peter he was sure to inform us of his salary and that to keep his position he needs to keep his body fat under a certain percentage.  I spoke with James T. (VP of Personal Training) and we worked out a deal.  We were refunded some of the sessions we had banked and could keep the balance without them expiring.  We had to take a few months off of lifting due to an injury so this was a great arrangement.  When we went to use the sessions we were told they had expired.  I contacted James to get them back.  After four weeks and five voice messages James never called me back.  I emailed the customer service email and they eventually called me.  They only gave me 3 sessions back.  I told them this was unacceptable as we should have had 4 and that I would not allow them to just steal the session.  I then received a call from the Regional Operations Manager for Phoenix.  He agreed to refund us for the one session that was still in dispute.  We went to the gym on Stapley/University to use our three sessions.  We were very specific about what we wanted.  All we needed at this time was help to perfect squat and deadlift form.  We were told that Joseph is the guy for that.  We scheduled a time to work with Joseph.  We showed up as scheduled and the front desk informed us that he doesn't work at that time.  We checked the schedule in the app to find out that somebody moved our appointment with Joseph from a saturday to a thursday without contacting us.  We then rescheduled a time with Joseph.  When we met Joseph for our session he very arrogently and aggressively scolded me for asking him to only help us with form. "That's not how training works, if you're going to work out with me I'm going to make your plan and you're going to do what I say."  We spoke with the manager and he told me we could either work out with Joseph or not, but that we would be charged for the session.  We were very specific when we scheduled the session that we did not want him to make a plan and that all we needed was help with our form.    I chose not to challenge this because I was tired of having to speak with people in upper management to resolve issues caused in the gym and this was the third strike for LA Fitness.  We were charged the session and we will simply allow the last two sessions to go unused rather than giving LA another opportunity to disappoint us.  We have canceled our membership and will work out at a different gym moving forward.  Throughout our time at LA Fitness we have been treated as a bank for which to remove money.  The service has been terrible, we have been continually lied to, being scolded and talked down to by a person whom I paid $100 per hour to work out with was the last straw.  I will not miss LA Fitness.    My best recommendation is to avoid LA Fitness.
4, I came here based on the great reviews on Yelp. I have never had Georgian food before. I was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). It is the coolest thing I have ever seen on yelp.   So we got here on an afternoon to have some lunch. The restaurant just opened but there was already a party inside! The servers are really nice and really cute :o. Lol. Anyway, we wanted to get a hachapuri and some khinkali (georgian dumplings). There were no pictures on the menu, but even the photos on yelp were hard to distinguish the sizing and portion of food. Let me say upon arrival of our food I was shocked by how generous the portions were! The Khinkali dumplings each of them were like the size of a small person's fist. And the hachapuri was the size of a small pizza. Very filling indeed, even when sharing with a friend. We both loved the food. The khinkali pork and beef had some interesting spices...tasted very beefy and rich. I needed to cleanse the palate with some of their tangy dipping sauces from time to time. Their sauces are really tasty btw. They come as a complimentary appetizer with some hot buns on the side.  The food was so memorable! I would love to come back to try some other Georgian dishes. I think though, the place could use some natural lighting, it is very dim inside.
5, Probably one of the better experiences I've had in regards to purchasing a car.  Macon Wild, the rep. who assisted us at Enterprise, helped us get into a car better than we had ever expected to get.  In a nutshell, she made it as painless as possible, and we walked out extremely happy.     After my wife's car accident, I was dreading going through the process.  I don't like to feel pressured and obligated to buy from a sales person, especially in regards to something as big as a new car, and would rather bow out than give in.  However, Macon was awesome for us; she had an awesome personality, knew exactly what we wanted and didn't try to deviate from that into something else, and seemed to really help us and understand what we said we could afford when it came down to financing.     If I were to be completely honest, some of the others that had tried to help seemed to put the pressure on us when we were getting down to the nitty-gritty business of financing, and I almost backed out.  If it hadn't been for Macon and her partner in crime, Alex Woodford, it may not have happened.  Those two were so awesome, patient and understanding about how I needed time to review the information and consider everything before making the final decision.  Between my hesitation and thorough research, I ended up delaying the process for about over a week or more, but because of their patience and just awesomeness all around, we walked out with a better car than I had even expected in the end.     Again, Macon Wild is the person to see at Enterprise Car Sales in Las Vegas.  We'd go again in a heartbeat, and maybe will go for our second car sooner rather than later with their help!
1, Went to this location. Signed up the day before. My name was not on their "check-in" list, but I had my email confirmation. I have donated to United Blood for many years. I was excited about donating because after traveling overseas, I was not allowed to do so for a year. Today was my on year anniversary, meaning that I could finally donate blood. I monitored that date for a year, looking forward to the next time I could donate. So, I get there, my name i snot on the list and they say they cannot take me in because I am not on the list! So, all my preparation: eating well, being conscious about not doing certain things, spending time on the prep questions, waking up early, driving all the way to the donor center; nothing mattered. She didn't even seem honestly apologetic. She (Della) just said "sorry", without truly caring. She even offered e a voucher for a burger. Ha! I was there ready to give whatever blood kind they needed the most. All the beds where empty! All of them! I sure hope this doesn't happen at other United Blood donation centers. What a shame that would be. United Blood, specifically this center, need to remember how much effort their donors put into each donation and they need to focus, get their act together, and remember what their purpose and commitment is. For me, I am very disappointing. I will continue to help, but seeing this; it will not be with them. Tip for donors: call before you start your drive to the center (even better, before you start your prep questions).
5, My brand new laptop would not print consistently to my 7-year old laser printer. After much frustration and way too much unproductive time, I knew I needed help from a Pro. I went to Best Buy's help desk and was told that I just needed to buy a new printer because mine was too old. Disappointed, I came home to do my research. I decided to call the company that I purchase my laser toner supplies from instead. I told Lance my problem and asked if he had any refurbished printers. He said they did have some printers, but thought perhaps their  technician could come out and change a few settings to correct the problem. Lance sent Steve out and within two hours he had set up my laptop so it would work with my printer, set up my second monitor, made sure the network was working properly, advised me on moving files from my old computer to the new one, and shared what I might consider purchasing to truly optimize my new laptop. Five-stars to Laser Specialists of AZ! I am a repeat and VERY happy customer!
5, Sometimes I think orthodontists take pleasure in dishing out pain.  I don't know if they imagine themselves as Dexter and lay out their tools right in front of you while looking at your eyes to see which you're most terrified at.  This is why I haven't trusted a Dental office in so many years, but with Cheyenne Dental Group I found one I can really trust.  Setting up an appointment is easy but finding an open spot to be seen is hard, so get your appointments in.  For example and most recently I called Wednesday night close to closing to be seen for a quick checkup and the next available was on Tuesday at 3pm(!) ugh, with Monday being a holiday.  But with great service comes great demand.  I then met Dr. Tounian whom assessed and had recommendations on work that needed to be done.  No pressure at all on what I needed and wanted.  My insurance isn't the best but they worked with me on getting the necessary work done as well.    Now lets talk about the treatment.  The assistants and staff were nice but my duel was against Dr. Lisa Hoang (spelling?) and faith was put into her hands.  She did an excellent job and explained what she was going to do and what I might be feeling so I wasn't caught off guard.    I would recommend this dental office and am glad I found comfort (scary thought being in a dentist office) in this visit and my future visits here.
1, Located here:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/team-ford-lincoln-las-vegas#query:enterprise%20rental%20cars  ---------------  To see the beginning of this story, go here:   http://www.yelp.com/biz/enterprise-1-800-rent-a-car-las-vegas-14#query:enterprise%20rental%20cars    After getting transferred from corporate after our 2 1/2 hour morning nightmare, we told our story to this location and they had our reservation on file.  "When do you close?" "12:00" "That's in 15 minutes..." "If you come and the doors are locked, but it's right at 12:00, we'll let you in."  Wait...your company screwed up, so I have to rush over there and drive like a jerk so I can make it there before you need to close up shop? Seriously?  They didn't even offer to pick us up. We were just expected to go to them after they messed up.  "I'm on my way.  We'll do our best to get there at or just after 12:00"  Didn't look like we were going to make it, so I called to beg them to wait for us  No answer.  Seriously!?  So we just drove home.  Forget it.  We'll take our business elsewhere.  Simple suggestions to avoid this in the future:  GIVE YOUR CUSTOMERS THE RIGHT LOCATION AND PHONE NUMBER TO START WITH  how hard is that?
5, I was debating between doing this one and Battlefield Vegas. I am definitely glad that I decided to go with the Best Bang for Your Buck Groupon experience for two at Gun Garage. Not only do you get to shoot more guns at this venue it seems, but it also seems more suited to novices as well. They provide you with transportation to and from the strip. The driver was nice and very conversational.   Once we got to the gun garage all we had to do was fill out a form, show our IDs, and listen to our gun range officer and we were ready to go. Our range safety officer's name was James and he was extremely friendly and polite. He knew both of us had never shot a gun before and so he made sure he went over all of the proper steps with us more than once. Not once throughout our entire time there did we feel intimidated. He even gave us support while we were firing because we had never felt recoil before.   In all we got to shoot A LOT of guns (9 I believe), much more than with the similarly priced deals at Battlefield Vegas. Although the whole experience only lasts about 15-20 minutes per person it felt like a really long time probably because it was our first time shooting and because of all of the adrenaline pumping. I definitely want to go back and shoot my favorite guns with more clips since I now know which ones I like. All in all though this is definitely the perfect venue for people who have never held a gun in their hands before.
3, Located inside Red ROck Casino, there is ample parking, the hardest part is getting around the casino to find the food court.  The ambiance is almost like a trashier version of johnny rockets with the red bar stools, simple American Food with burgers, shakes, fries, chili cheese dribbled onto everything. Although it seems they are making an attempt to be a little healthier with their new crispy chicken wrap (tortilla wrapped fried chicken with all the burger fixings on the inside). I mean the menu is by no means healthy. It is called FATburger- due to the quantity of food and the calories associated with that food. But as I watched them make our burger, I noticed they were not premade patties and they were using what seemed like "not previously frozen- but who knows" ground beef. Also it didn't seem like they were using binders (egg or breadcrumbs)  As we ate our burger noticed the burger was kinda dry, probably due to the amount of add ons and very little mayo. Def had to ask for extra Mayo. Large 1/2 pound 7.75$  Bacon: 1.25, cheese: American, cheddar, Swiss 1.00, chili 1.00, egg 1.00, guacamole 1.25, mushrooms 1.25 Sides: onion rings, fat fries, skinny fries, chili cheese fries  Milkshakes: vanilla, chocolate, strawberry, cookies and cream/Oreo, Maui-banana (4.50) Desserts include ice cream Sundays (2.10) and root beer floats (2.40)  Pretty pricey esp with a meal  A) fat burger medium 1/3lb (12.25) B) large 1/2lb 13.50 C) XXL 1lb 15.80 D) XXXL 1.5lbs 19.00  Idk, the price for the burger is quite steep. But it is in a casino. I just think there are better options for a better burger.
3, Clever and Deceptive Koi-ness  It's the middle of summer. Pump up your AC! Especially since your kitchen shares the bar & dining room and the majority of your dishes are HOT, never mind your clientele. ;-)  2 of the 3 stars go to:  1) Jarod: the epitome of a composed and well-conducted host. If you look up "host" in the dictionary, Jarod's picture should be displayed. He was bombarded every minute from our arrival to when we were eventually seated. He was calm, collected and extremely pleasant. The best part, when he came to fetch us at Central Wine he said, "Your table is ready. Don't rush. You waited for us. We will wait for you." *Phenomenal*   2) Courteous Wait Staff: at no point did we receive any attitude to our hungry and impatient (did I mention over-heated?) dispositions. Instead, we were comped and sweetened with desert and smiles.  The 2 hour wait to be served a semblance of food & beverage from check-in to seating is absurd. We arrived at 7:20 and were told a couple tables had bills and should be cleared "shortly". A stuffy 30 min later we informed our patient host that we would be at Central Wine (a fantastically COOL waiting area). Once we were seated (around 8:20) we were greeted, a beverage and app order taken - both were served together about 12 min later. Thank goodness we had water refilled. Seriously, it had to be 81 degrees in the dining room. We ordered our entrees right away.  I have to say the "special" was quite tasty: salmon sashimi, seaweed, carrots, mandarin oranges and I believe some small grapefruit over brown rice. There was no way I was going to handle a steaming plate/bowl of anything in that heat. My husband was disappointed at the amount of duck in his Massaman Curry. The noodles far outweighed the 5, possibly 6, thinly sliced pieces of duck. And he was generous to share a piece with me, but once I saw how little he had I felt bad and offered it back. I tasted a bit and it tantalized the tastebuds but left much to desire ... more duck!  Perhaps Friday night is not the time to dine at Clever Koi. I would like to give it another chance, as this kind of pleasant service is hard to find anymore. I think I'll wait until October or November to tantalize my longing for their Spicy Seafood Hot Pot. Right now, I cringe at the thought of nose-planting from the heat into the spicy lava of tentacles.
4, Ruth Chris Steakhouse is by far one of the best restaurants I've been to in Pittsburgh. Ironically, my family and I avoid eating red meats whenever possible, which seems awkward when dining at a renowned steakhouse. That being said, no red meat platters were placed in front of us.  The service here is impeccable. The waiters are amazingly helpful, poised, and polite.   The food we ordered arrived fairly quickly. I got the lobster mac 'n' cheese, my dad ordered chicken, my sister got medium rare fish, my mom ordered a salad, and as sides we all ordered cream spinach and mashed potatoes with garlic. All the foods were flavorful and seasoned and prepared perfectly.   As we moved onto dessert, the choices were hard because everything sounded extremely delectable. I got the Chocolate Sin Cake, which the espresso and chocolate mixed together was mouth-watering. My sister ordered the Strawberries and Cream. The strawberries tasted fresh and sweet. My parents split an amazingly tempting apple cobbler served warm with vanilla ice cream and overflowing with delicious apples
1, I do not know much about their services. Strange, I know, but let me explain.  I made an appointment on a Monday for this location (which is a good 30 minutes away) for the following Friday. Even though I was not sure it was going to be open (Friday was the day before a holiday), they told me they were and confirmed my appointment.   That Friday I drove to the location and waited for the doors to unlock so I could take care of my bothersome cavity.   I waited. And waited. And waited. Yes, you get the point.  Big surprise, they weren't open. Nobody had given me the courtesy to call, apologize for the scheduling mistake and reschedule. So instead of booking another dentist to take care of my increasingly painful cavity, I had to wait almost another week to get into a stellar dentist who confirms their appointments ahead of time and are very friendly.  P.S. 4 days after the missed/accidental appointment I received a call/voicemail stating that they got my message and if I was interested in still obtaining their service I could call X phone #. No apology. I didn't expect champagne, catered breakfast and a red carpet as I walked into the office, but a simple apology for THEIR mistake would have saved my business and resulted in more referrals.   Sorry Absolute Dental. Fail.
3, When it comes to Tomo, my biggest suggestions to have the best experience don't necessarily come from tips about food, but rather, planning your night there.  At Tomo, when they ask you where you would like to sit, choose the Hibachi grill or the left (left as if you were walking in through the main door). If you sit on the right side, Tomo shares an adjacent wall with a noisy night club, and your table will thump with hip-hop music. This obviously isn't their fault for having noisy neighbors, but it can definitely hinder a first date or good conversation.  This also goes for choosing when to eat there. I recommend Friday night, before the bar crowds start rolling into the neighborhood. You'll find better parking, and it will be a quieter experience. As for the food, the sushi at Tomo is quality for the prices, but be prepared to spend a little more than usual. The presentation is beautiful, and the service is fast considering their busy Warehouse District location. I absolutely love the Indian Roll and the Sexy Girl roll, and I must mention how nice it is to have a hibachi downtown. The sushi is worthy of a visit, but if you don't have time to sit down, they will never fail you on takeout.
1, It's always good to see a new restaurant in town, and this morning we tried the recently opened Kimmie's.  Unfortunately, the food and service were awful.  We will not be back.    When we arrived at around 9:30 on a Saturday morning, the restaurant was not crowded.  Even so, the service was very slow.  There seemed to be one waiter and one busboy on duty.  The waiter seated us and then vanished.  My husband finally went over to the coffee station, brought the pot  to our table and filled our empty cups.  The coffee was fair -- not great.  We eventually saw the waiter, at the back of the room talking on his cell phone.  After a wait of nearly half an hour, we were getting up to leave.  The busboy suddenly appeared and took our order.  Our meal arrived quickly.  The busboy who brought our food dropped the containers of jam onto the floor, picked them up, stacked them back in their little holder and put them onto our table.  Needless to say, we skipped the jam.  We asked repeatedly for butter for our toast & biscuit, and finally my husband headed for the kitchen to find some.  He was intercepted by the busboy, who brought butter.  By this time, our toast & biscuit were stone cold.  My veggie omelet was so greasy that I couldn't eat it.  My biscuit was obviously a pre-packaged item, which had been split and toasted on the grill in an apparent effort to make it seem fresh.  My husband's scrambled eggs and sausage were OK -- nothing special.  The bacon strips were curled up in little balls ... apparently no one in the kitchen knows how to cook bacon.  The sliced tomato was good.  The menu is enormous.  Based on our experience this morning, I would guess that most of the food is precooked, prepackaged and just heated in the microwave or otherwise warmed for service.  Icky!  If you want a delicious, fresh breakfast in Fountain Hills, our best recommendations are Sofrita on Avenue of the Fountains (great coffee, interesting fresh food, creative decor) or EuroPizza Cafe on Saguaro in Lakeside Plaza (good coffee, good fresh food, lovely view of the lake and fountain).  For bagels, try DJs on Palisades in the Safeway center.  We would suggest steering clear of Kimmie's.
3, (2.5/3) For first timers, this 'restaurant' is organized a lot like a high-tech, italian-only food court. Walk in and an employee will hand you a handy, dandy card which you use to swipe and accumulate expenses at various food stations (pasta, salad, antipasto, pizza, bar, dessert). It's convenient and not too crowded. Apparently the pasta is made fresh daily and they actually cook the dish in front of you--note, this significantly increases your wait time.   I ordered the Pasta Vongole (one of the specials listed in front of the pasta station - $9.95). It was supposed to have white wine, clams, garlic, capers, and anchovies. However, upon closer inspection, my capers and anchovies must have vanished in thin air. The pasta is good, but the dish as a whole lacked flavor. LIke past reviewers, I also found my pasta dry (however, one of my friends had pasta that looked like it was sauced in soup). Serving sizes are huge though (considering how filling pasta can be). My friend who got the carbonara said the sauce was much too heavy but he really enjoyed his side caesar salad. "The anchovy flavor was great." I also got the trio of bruschetta ($4.50) and white chocolate mousse ($2.75) to go.   Finally, I had some issues with the card they provided in that it charged me almost $10 more than it should have when I went to check out. Fortunately, the cashiers were understanding and removed the mysteriously appearing dishes from my check. Overall, I would give this place a second chance since the fresh-made pasta actually has a great texture and the employees are friendly. It's also a great alternative to fast food and traditional sit-down restaurants.
5, We've been taking our Porsche Cayenne there for service since we purchased it in 2011. Dan Sheridan is our Service Advisor and has been the best Service Advisor we've ever had. He's always so helpful and goes above and beyond. Recently our car was hit from behind and had to have the bumper replaced and the lift gait re painted. The body/paint department did a good job but after taking it home I realized there was clear coat overspray all over the back window. When I took it back, Dan and I noticed it was all over the car. They had my car for another 3 days. When I picked it up, there was still clear coat overspray on the drivers side mirror. Dan made sure it was taken care of right away and apologized profusely (not that it was his fault at all). I spoke with the Supervisor for body work and he couldn't even believe it got through quality control the way it was, twice. He offered me a free detail which were taking them up on. I probably wouldn't use their body shop again but will always go to Dan for service. He's the best and shows you how much he cares about you as a customer and a person. When it comes time to buy a new car, we will definitely buy from there.
2, My husband and I went here after stopping at the farmers market. We were seated almost immediately by someone from the kitchen and then completely forgotten. I'm not sure if the person who seated us shouldn't have, but  we sat for about twenty minutes thinking that someone would be over soon, but we finally had to flag down a waitress and ask if someone could take our order. Her reply was, "Well, this isn't my table, but I guess I can." We ordered and then waited for probably another 20 minutes. Keep in mind we had ordered nothing that would take this long to cook and the place was not excessively busy. Seems that they had forgotten us again. By the time we finally got our food, my husband and I were very hungry and cranky. The waitress completely forgot to bring me the milk I ordered, but at this point I just wanted to eat and get out of there, so I didn't even say anything. When I was finishing up my meal, she finally remembered my milk and apologized. The food was good, but definitely not worth the wait. The wait staff kept apologizing, but it was too little too late. We will not be going back.
5, Let me start off by saying that I've been coming to Vegas for 20 plus years. I've stayed in many hotels and I've had horrible experiences in most of them... This time I   reluctantly decided to stay at the Flamingo. It's the oldest hotel in the area so it CAN'T be as "good" as the others, right? Wrong. By far the best hotel I've stayed at in Vegas. Where Trump had wonderful rooms but no casino, Flamingo came in with a wonderful room AND a Casino. Where Treasure Island had horrible service and crappy rooms, Flamingo came in with wonderful customer service and a wonderful room. My room was clean, comfortable and neat. Every person working there greeted me with a smile. And the biggest plus of all? The Flamingo let me bring my dog and let me walk her anywhere except for the casino and pool area. Plus, plus, and PLUS. From now on every time I visit Vegas I will only stay at The Flamingo. Screw the rest of these modernized barf hotels. Stay where the REAL Las Vegas history remains....  Thank you Flamingo ........and Margaritaville (for the massive hangover)... ;)
2, I have to say, after coming back from Korea I figured that Toronto would be able to get their pitas right. You can only imagine how excited I was to move just down the street from a pita place!  Turns out it's not so hot. If I'm there I either get unfriendly service or indifferent service. It's not really the most difficult food service job in the world, so skipping on the annoyed attitude or putting on a smile shouldn't be that difficult.  The food itself is fairly bland. My pita was stale but I can forgive that if the meat isn't stale. But nope, during my multiple visits I've been greeted with super stale meat to old meat. It's really disappointing to have slightly cardboard-like meat. The pickled veg and peppers are delicious though!  I will admit that I have gone on off-lunch hours. So I can understand why food may not be as fresh due to the hours I go in. But that doesn't excuse the service and I'm not too convinced  that mid-afternoon or evening food should be of that quality.  I hate handing out poor reviews. I would love it if this store to try to improve themselves a bit and train their workers a bit better, as I don't think it deserves to go under.
4, Loved the food here, portions were a little on the smaller side, but the food overall was one of the best for BBQ that we have tried. The brisket was excellent very tender and juicy and smoked just right we also got the chicken which was pretty good as well, we were a little disappointed that they didn't have beef ribs only pork because we go to BBQ places a lot and love beef ribs, maybe someday they can add them to their menu. The sides were ok but very small like I had mentioned and the Mac n cheese was a little original not much flavor. I would definitely go back maybe for takeout but the overall service was horrible the woman at the window was extremely rude to every customer and very irritated with everyone, we felt like every time we asked something we were a bother and she said you cannot even sample the sides or sauces and just the whole way she proceeded to take our order and others was with an attitude when we came up to order wings as well it was like wecouldnt even ask any questions, because she didnt want to be bothered,  poor customer service and business ownership. To add to this...the wings we tried  at the spare of the moment, garlic parmesan and they were excellent, some of the best I have had, or maybe it was the sauce?
3, This review is based more on the service rather than the food or atmosphere , we had a large group of people meeting for a going away party , and basically were just left hanging around , we had to move tables for ourselves , and when server did come by it was rushed !! I realize it's a busy place but if they know it's going to be busy shouldn't they staff more ? For those that ordered food the wait to get it was over an hour , seriously about an hour and 15 minutes !! Our server was argumentative , when we asked what the hold up was , and basically said " do you want it or not ? Half the group cancelled their orders , the others starved , decided to wait even longer for food that was mediocre at best , The beer selection was nice and I'm sure we would have spent more ( there were some drinkers in the group that just went to bar for their cocktails ) but with no one coming by often to check for empty cocktails I only had about 2 drinks in about 2 and half hours ( usually could have doubled that , lol ) after leaving there I went to a real bar and was served promptly , all in all though there was nothing here that would make me want to come back !!
3, Stacks on stacks of meat, and some super yummy pineapple!   I think at one point, I was playing catch up with all the cuts of meat I had waiting for me on my plate. All of us couldn't help being a little extra gluttonous.   And who can say no to their pineapple?  The second time they came around with the pineapple, to my group of 6, and we were told there were only 3 pieces left at the moment... Every man for himself! Needless to say, I wanted them all..  Service was meh. We initially had reservations made for 9, and didn't actually get seated until almost 9:30.  It wasn't even a case where they were full and couldn't accommodate - there were multiple empty tables (that seated 6). Yet, we were told to wait, as the server continued to seat others who came after us with later reservations of 9:30.  It wasn't until we had to press them for our reservation a 3rd time, where we finally got seated - in the corner of the restaurant beside the bar. Not impressed. Not to mention there were still empty tables in the main dining.   Quality-wise for the food was much better, in comparison to their Adelaide location. Salad bar/antipasto at this location was much smaller and bleak, but the mussels are worth mentioning.   There is also free parking available! Located behind the building, for 150 Eglinton. Just need to validate with the hostess.
3, Birthday dinner #2, first-timer for Beckett's Table, I guess I just wasn't impressed.  Sunday night around 7, the restaurant is about 40% full with a couple of patio tables. We were greeted warmly and taken to the table. Interesting enough, the first thing i noticed here is the deco, very contemporary american diner setting, yeah, that's how I could describe. The dinner tables and chairs are clearly divided into two colors, beige-ish or dark chocolate-ish, somehow there were no specific color match arrangement or setting, it was a bit random to me.  While the hostess was very nice, our waitress had a I-do-not-want-to-work-on-sundays face, I think that just described enough. My entree was the butternut squash risotto. The presentation of this dish was good at a first sight, but when you look at it closely, I don't understand why the fried almost turned black brussels leaves are floating around, it was oily and tasteless. If you want to add a touch of green to the dish, maybe don't fry it as much so it would stay at green. Overall the dish was too salty for me, and a bit too rich as well....Though my friend enjoyed his shrimp and sausage dish very much.  Maybe next time...
1, I keep receiving calls from 602-258-2371, even though I have asked to be taken off the call list and have never done business with Western Dental.  The most recent request to be removed was given yesterday, and I received a phone call again today ... which I again asked to be taken off their call list.  I now have the phone number blocked.  This example of administrative ineptness will prevent me from seeking out Western Dental for actual business.  Update:  Thank you to Cynthia for the reply below.  However, I do not wish to share personal information with a company I do not and have never done business with, and the phone calls I am receiving from Western Dental ask for a different person than me.  Having spent nearly 5 years with metal train-track braces until the age of 17, I have an aversion for dentists and have not seen one in 20+ years.  I also have only owned this phone number for 4 years.  Therefore, I am confident you will not find my name or birth date within your records.   Yes, I still have all my teeth and the money my parents spent every month over those long 5 years has not gone to waste.  With my repeated requests (including twice in the last two days) to remove my phone number from Western Dental records and now that I have blocked 602-258-2371 from my phone, I do not expect to receive calls from Western Dental.  If Western Dental chooses to call from a different phone number, rather than following through with removing my phone number as promised, then I will be glad to update this post again with those calls.
5, I first tried a Vosges bar after finding one at a local coffee shop in LA. I was wary at the $7 price, but the mix of dark chocolate, cinnamon and red chili was too intriguing to pass up. It pretty much rocked my world. So I did some research and discovered that there was a shop in Vegas, and wouldn't you know.. I had a trip planned already for Spring Break!   Visiting the shop was the only thing on my itinerary for that weekend, and when I finally was able to drag my bro and sis there, we were in heaven. I walked off with a bagful of bars and some toffee, plus a few gifts for friends. At least 2 flavors are available for samples on the counter, but more importantly you can sample almost everything with the assistance of the staff. After my lengthy visit, I had sampled more than half of the options I think! What a great chocolate coma I had the rest of the day.    Besides the great product, what I was really impressed with was the friendly staff. I got a lot of great information and tips from the woman who helped me, and she was more than happy to give me and my family plenty of samples and suggestions. Those of you that read my reviews know how much I appreciate great service like this. And as a little epilogue, the other day I received a letter in the mail from the shop, which contained a hand-written note thanking me for my patronage and included a coupon for store and online use.  I can't wait to use it soon!
4, We partook of Chima this past Sunday at the end of restaurant week. Our first reservation choice wasn't Sunday but it was the only time we could get in. This was my first visit to Chima and my boyfriend's second visit. We arrived right at 7:30 and waited about 10 minutes before our table was ready. The restaurant was pretty easy to find and valet parking was complimentary.  We ate upstairs which I understand is less crowded than the downstairs dining area.  The restaurant was right downtown Charlotte and the decor was modern, sleek and warm. First portion of the three-course meal was the salad bar, which in my opinion is enough for a meal. I don't know if they offer that alone but it might be a good idea if they ever decide to open for lunch. It also might be appealing to those of us who can't justify spending fifty bucks there outside of restaurant week since the meal is just way too much for the average person to eat in my opinion.  The salad bar was very decadent and consisted of beef carpaccio, caprese salad, shrimp salad, a nice variety of greens, melon, soy beans, chicken salad, waldorf salad and few others items. There was also a wide variety of dressings, sauces for your meats, a couple different types of rice, three or four different soups, and bread with butter.   After visiting the salad bar you sit down and the men come by with a variety of meats. My favorite was by far the top sirloin; second favorite was the parmesan pork tenderloin. It was pretty salty but still good. I also had the filet mignon wrapped with bacon but it was pretty fatty for a filet. I also enjoyed the flank steak and chicken. My boyfriend really enjoyed the ribs. I also had the swordfish, which I found to be a bit dry, and the lamb, which was too gamy for my liking. While we were being served the meats we had other side items being served to us. I forgot to mention the appetizer, which were doughy Parmesan rolls with a turkey dip, very good. The side items were fried bananas and some fried potato sticks, which tasted like hash browns. I personally didn't care for the fried bananas but I don't like bananas much anyway.  Believe it or not we ordered dessert. It didn't come with the meal but I wanted a little something sweet. So we ordered the crème brulee. It stole the show. We finished that off in about five minutes. Maybe the best crème brulee I have ever had.   Service was very good and I was pleased. I enjoyed the experience but I wouldn't go back for myself. It's just way too much food and I would rather savor one entree instead of be constantly paraded with more food while I am trying to eat what I have. I would love to go back just for the salad bar and dessert though. They had a lot of other choices for dessert as well. They don't give boxes for your leftovers either so eat up!
4, Whenever I go to a specific type of restaurant, I seem to have a particular food to judge whether I might like a place. When I DimSum, it Ha-Gow.   Pub-Wings.  Italian - Penne Arrabiata.  Steak - NY Strip.  Sushi - California Roll...and Hakka...Chilli Chicken!  I haven't been to a Hakka place in a while.  I used to go regularly to Wok of Asia when I was assigned to a long term project in the area.  Now that I'm stationed near Hakka Bros., it was great to find this place.  As I mentioned, I like to try to the Chilli Chicken when I go to a Hakka place for the first time.  Ordered the CC and Soup special - $5.95+tax.  The Hot and Sour soup was thick and a decent portion for a combo soup.  However, though it had some heat, it didn't have any real flavour.  Added a bit of salt and that helped.  The Chilli Chicken portion was generous.  Not a lot of times that I don't finish my meal but I had to give up as I was going into a food coma!  The chicken was moist and the batter was still crispy when served.  It had nice heat with about the right amount of peppers.  The rice however was a bit of a mess as it smelled off.  The trials and tribulations of going there well after the lunch hour.    If I had to rank my CC experience, it would be Wok of Asia first, this a close second, Asian Garden, then Hakka 77...dead last...Hakka #1.  Nonetheless, this place is a good find.  Without the Yelp App, it would have been another fast food lunch bag letdown.  Probably back there even tomorrow to try the second dish I like at Hakka...General Tso-Toe-Tow-So-or whatever (they really need to figure out a standard way to spell his name!).
4, Sushi at a Chinese restaurant?  I wasn't brave enough to try it, but I was impressed that there was a decent sized sushi menu offered to me...   I ordered 'carry-out' a couple of times from Autumn Court and had decent meals, so tonight I decided to get the full experience and eat in the restaurant.  The hostess (who turned out to be my waitress as well) was attentive.  Not the friendliest, but she was fine.  I guess I would've liked to see her smile, but aside from that, service was perfectly attentive.  Several other people checked on me as well (I assume the GM or owner).  I went with the egg flower soup to start and the mixed vegetable with tofu dish.  The soup was kind of bland.  I thought about sending it back, but I added a little soy sauce and kept my mouth shut... The entree was delicious... the tofu was golden brown and the perfect texture and the veggies were crisp and delicious.    I will order carry-out and even return to dine-in at Autumn Court again... maybe next time I'll even get a smile!
5, Cambodian cuisine is definitely not one of those common cuisine you would pick when someone ask, "What you wanna eat?" (Don't say I don't know....!)  However, now you can say how about Cambodian?  Yes, the one and only one Cambodian restaurant in Phoenix is here!  We had a group gathering here for dinner (NAAAP) and the food was delicious!  I can't say the actual name, but I'll use my best Engrish - Beef & Shrimp marinated salad/beef skewers/pot roast soup/fried tilapia topped with mango.  Okay sounds to me like a typical cuisine, but no dude....it was awesome.  Found out Cambodian cuisine is not spicy like I thought it would be.    Our service was great, this when the restaurant was booked by our entire group - Kudos!  Ambience was really homey - I gather if I lived in a Cambodian household that is....  The decors were originally from Cambodia purchased by the owner (Yut).  I didn't want to touch anything; felt like I was in a museum.  Towards the end of the night I start to make dessert - yes "Me" was cooking!  They showed us how and what ingredients.  Needless, to say I didn't perfect the art, but it still passed and was yummy!  Take that Chef Ramsey! - Enjoy!
3, 3.5   This is a beautiful restaurant in the heart of Yorkville. For a Tuesday night, it was pretty busy but certainly not full. The food was not bad, not the best I've ever had but definitely above average and the service was pretty good!  I had a glass of the Pinot Grigio which I enjoyed. I notice the list of white wines was a bit smaller. There were a lot more red wine choices and most of the choices were for entire bottles. The prices were a bit on the higher side but it's a beautiful restaurant in Yorkville so that's to be expected.  I had the spinach salad which was good but I found there were too many sweet elements. The salad dressing was a strawberry vinaigrette and there were figs and dried cranberries and some sort of crispy onions and bocconcini cheese. I would have enjoyed a goats cheese or something to cut the sweetness of it. The elements were fresh tasting however. We also ordered the burrata appetizer that came with a sizable ball of burrata cheese and prosciutto on a bed of arugula. The burrata was delicious and the portion was good for the price.   I had the gnocchi as my main, which while was filling, was a small portion on a huge plate. I saw some other dishes like the lasagna and pizzas and panzerotti and they were a lot larger. Maybe I'd go with one of those options next time. The pasta was also somewhat mediocre in my opinion, the sauce wasn't the best and the ricotta on top didn't really add much to it.   Since we were there for a birthday, we also got a Nutella pizza to share. I love Nutella so that was good but I found the crust to be really chewy in some parts and burnt in other parts. There were also a total of 5 banana slices on the pizza and a few hazelnuts sprinkles on top. It was a nice after dinner treat but it wasn't amazing.   The service was pretty good. The food came a bit slow but it's not a fast food restaurant so you can't expect that. The restaurant is absolutely beautiful. Modern and warm and stylish. The kitchen is open so you can see the pizzas being made which is really cool.   Overall this is a nice spot for dinner. The prices are on the higher side but not outrageously so, especially for the area. It's definitely a cool, stylish place with pretty good food. The ambience is really what I'd come back for, and maybe the lasagna!
4, Thank goodness for this place. I did not pack a dress, and it would have cost an arm and leg elsewhere in Vegas. I bought shoes and a dress for around $70. The shoes were a mess, the clothes were a mess, but with that many tourists having their first Ross experience.... It was kind of clean when you think of it that way. There were some rude international folks that feel like they have to fight you for bargains, i.e. grab items that were in front of you... so be prepared for that! Its pretty busy in there every time I go, and the line is also long, but worth it to save some money. They usually have a good amount of cashiers working. Some of the staff is really nice, others are not. Some are just terrible. There was this one lady putting a basket of sunglasses on the rack. A customer next to me, reached across me to grab into the basket. The employee told her she couldn't do that and that she would have to wait for her to set them on the rack. Which I understand, because the glasses would be all over the floor if the customer went diving into them. The funny part ....as the employee was filling the rack, she took her time and spun the freshly placed sunglasses towards the wall, away from that lady. The customer looked SO mad. I kind of smiled at her while we waited and she glared back at me. It was a funny situation, and I don't blame the employee for doing that but its not the best customer service you get there. Overall I was happy with my experience and purchase there and definitely would return.
3, We entertained clients there.  It's a great location and certainly a trendy night spot.  I give kudos to the hostesses for helping us pull together several tables and being patient while we waited for our colleagues to arrive after they got lost.  Sort of strange though how we would order drinks from our server and each time they would get delivered it would be a different server and we kept having to tell the drink delivery person who ordered what.    Personally the drinks are overpriced at $9 for Bombay Gin for example.   My co-workers who were drinking though the drinks were weak especially at the $9 mark.  Likewise it took three people to find me a glass of water without ice and lemon.  The food was just okay - but when you pay these prices and are in a trendy location I really expected more.  Two dishes out of 10 people were sent back and finally one was removed from the bill.  The sea salt chips were great as an appetizer but I thought my salmon was really overcooked.  Again, it wasn't bad, but I expected more.  I probably wouldn't go back, as when I travel I like to find really good places to eat and when the place doesn't give me a good vibe I just move on to discover something else.  I wish them the best, but it seemed like the customers were there more because it was the "trendy place to go" and not because the food was outstanding.    Again, I think the hostesses did the most, the original server was great - but in a party of 10 we shouldn't have to raise our hands to see who ordered what each time the drinks arrived.  I would expect than at a place for beer specials and not an average of $9 bucks a pop.
5, Night out on the strip it's a must you stop by here if you are a steak lover.  The service is flawless! The drinks are impeccable!  The food makes love to your palate!  The amazing things I put in my mouth:  Bluepoint Oysters:  Fresh, cold, horseradish, lemon slices, chili sauce, and if I wanted Tapatio trust me the service is so amazing that they would have found it!  Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail: The definition of Jumbo, excellent cocktail sauce with plenty of kick, and perfectly chilled.  Surf & Turf:  This entree is my food soul mate! This dish makes fatties sweat, makes red meat junkies shiver, makes sea lovers quiver, and foodies cream their seams! Filet Mignon, Maine Lobster, and served with this delicious drip off your lip herb lobster sauce.  Made for the King of kings!!!!!!!!  Went with a bottle of Moet & Chandon, my glass never was filled by me, as a matter of fact I think the service here is telepathic.  Every time I even thought of serving myself more, POOF like magic the waiter would be right there.  The waiter went as far as cleaning off the table every single time he took a plate or brought a plate.  The best part is he never interrupted conversation.  Definitely an excellent experience, one that will not be forgotten.
3, We had a groupon and decided to check this place out. It was not what we expected, definitely feels like its been around for a long time and we were underwhelmed when we entered. I think we thought it was going to be more of a social activity type thing and it was definitely more sport specific oriented. They have two simulators added on each end of the dome but they are not the focus. This is primarily a driving range. It has an upper and lower level. They have clubs that you can use or bring your own. The driving range was fun but very confusing as to how you are assigned a spot. Seemed like everyone was just trying to fit in where there was an opening yet some people would come in saying they were assigned to #5....we were all confused. Staff is limited and are teenagers, not very organized process. Simulator was fun but depending on the number of people you have you'll need more time. There were five of us and we didn't even complete 3 holes in one hour. They do have a concession stand but is limited to what they provide and no alcohol. We will go back again, its reasonably priced and was a fun thing to do on a day with bad weather! Plus its not far from oak and embers which was an added plus for dinner!
2, So we were sent here by Urgent Care. We opted out of taking the ambulance because you know...thats expensive. Well my roommate and I regret that. We waited 3 hours in the lobby. My roommate had shortness of breath and sever abdominal pain, on the paperwork it says if either one of those is in your symptoms then notify hospital staff for immediate assistance. So of course I let them know but we still waited for 3 hours, if it was super serious, I am sure my roommate would be passed out in the lobby by then. The lady with glasses and long hair, a little on the bigger side, was very rude and showed no care what so ever when I told her that my roommate could not breath. So finally after 3 hours we get called in, they do some basic tests then send us back out to the lobby again. Another hour later we finally got admitted in. The nurse Shaundra is amazing! She was very friendly and helpful along with an EMT guy named Ben Davis. Both of them were amazing but unfortunately we lost them after 40 minutes because of a shift change and we ended up getting really grumpy staff. The doctor during the whole situation was a little off, she kept laughing for no reason when she would explain what was wrong with my roommate. I don't know if that is a medical issue she is going through herself but I felt it was a little unprofessional to laugh while explaining what is wrong with a patient. Anyways my roommate had 1 ultrasound and 2 cts. Seven hours later, waiting in the hospital, they finally gave us some results and said that they don't know what is causing the pain and shortness of breathe but you also have gastritis and a few cysts on your ovaries but thats not what causing your symptoms but here is your medicine for the other stuff. Have a good night. So my roommate was sent home still in severe pain because the hospital could not figure out what was going on. Very helpful. I am only giving two stars for Shaundra and Ben who were amazingly awesome. This hospital is lucky to have them.
4, With so may good places to eat in Vegas our dinners were booked, so to sneak in Bouchon we went there for brunch.   I ordered the Croque Madame, toasted ham and cheese on brioche topped with a fried egg and mornay sauce.  The sandwich was just as you'd imagine, but the egg and mornay sauce add so much to it.  The mornay sauce was rich and velvety smooth.  The egg enhanced the sandwich the same way adding a fried egg to a cheese burger does. It also came with pommes frites, or in english, "french fries", and a whole mound of them!  So much that a table of 4 could not finish them.   They were really good, maybe in the top 5 fries ever.  After all who makes French fries better than the French?  Well maybe McDonnalds... Wait, did i just compare Bouchon to McDonnalds?  Anyway they were light, crispy, and delicious.  We also ordered french beignets.  I was expecting something like the beignets in New Orleans where they are light and covered with powdered sugar.  These were a bit heavier and both resembled and tasted like cake doughnuts.  Although they were warm and probably the best cake doughnut I've ever had, it was not what i was expecting and was a bit of a let down.  I would have been fine with it, but when it was brought to the table they said, "your doughnuts."  Let's get one thing straight here, I'd gladly pay $8 for 3 french beignets, but NOT for 3 doughnuts!    Pros:  Great bakery items especially the Croissant, Tons of delicious french fries, delicious meals with great sauces.   Cons: Beignets are okay but not the type you find in New Orleans, definitely not worth $8 for 3 the size of "Hostess Donettes".     Advice:  There is a embosser next to the entrance with some pieces of thick card stock.  you can emboss the bouchon name in it for a keep sake.  not sure if you're supposed to do it or what it's for but i did, and now use it as my bookmark.
4, If you're looking to dine Vegas style, Joel Robuchon is the place to be.  We came here with 10 friends on the night before New Years Eve. While it's not the most adventurous meal of my life, it did delight me with all my favorites -- a black truffle trio, osetra caviar, foie gras, duck, Santa Barbara uni, etc... and an incredibly beautiful 3 course dessert.  It is culinary perfection in the most romantic setting. What more could you ask for? More Caviar? Well, you probably won't because their caviar portions are the most generous I've seen! Bonus points for them there.   I could describe the food, but if you're a foodie like me, you already know the drill -- The food is good so I will not describe every dish. You get everything that is absolutely delicious, cooked to perfection, and plated beautifully.  And the ambiance, while some may say is gaudy, is very thoughtful and there is much to appreciate about it. The walled garden in one room, a beautiful welcoming bar in another, etc.... there is much to appreciate about this place and Joel Robuchon's attention to detail.  However, a few things that needed improvement or felt a little strange:  1) One of the things I found tacky was the $15 water charge.  If you're charging over $800/person for the meal plus pairing, water charges should just be waived or just tacked onto the food charge. I see this as a terrible faux pas, especially for a three michelin star restaurant. 2) Someone was getting on-the-job training at our table. This would be OK but out of the three times I got up to use the restroom, I only found my napkin folded twice. 3) Joel Robuchon has a fantastic limo service where they pick you up in a limo to the restaurant... but it was not available during "the holidays" much to our large party's dismay. It would've been nice to know this when we booked our table. 4) The soft-boiled egg seemed more like a hard-boiled egg to me. It was cooked on a higher-temperature side of things. 5) The wait staff is not in sync (all plates put down at the same time, etc...) like they usually are at this level of dining.  The menu was about $600/person, and my boyfriend and I split the most basic wine pairing for $250. At that price point, it better be perfect. And it was. But perfection comes with a downside -- it's that I think Joel Robuchon played it very safe. If you're a hardcore foodie, I think you may find the menu slightly on the 'safe' side (and in that case try é by José Andrés).  But if you're here for the Vegas experience and want to try a solid 3-star menu with a fantastic ambiance, this is the place to go. Highly recommend. Definitely more of a 4.5 stars from me.
4, MTO Cafe: Made To Order. This is a nice, new, cheery spot located across the street from City Hall, on the first floor of the parking garage right there. A friend and I met for a meal on a recent Friday at 11:00am and were seated right away. The menu offers up breakfast and lunch items, many of them comfort food style: chicken n waffles, grilled cheese sandwiches, as well as a Fat Elvis sandwich (French toast, Nutella, bacon, peanut butter, and strawberries).  The 'made to order' part applies to the breakfast, where you can choose a wrap, omelet, or skillet form for options that include avocado, salmon, chicken, chili, and broccoli. I had the MTO breakfast:  3 eggs, chicken sausage, 2 slices of turkey bacon, 2 slices of regular bacon, 2 slices of Spam, mash browns, and toast.  Opting for egg whites and sourdough toast, it was a larger than normal meal for me with all of that meat.  The bacon was made just right, but the Spam wasn't cooked long enough and the turkey bacon was buried underneath the eggs and just limp. The chicken sausage was good, too.  The mash browns are a combo of mashed potatoes and hash browns and I enjoyed those very much.  I left one slice of Spam and half a slice of chicken sausage on my plate, full from all that food.   I used my Yelp check-in offer of free Walnut Tossies when we got there.  Our server had never seen it before so she took my phone over to another waitress who cleared it with her boss.  Said boss, Ben, came over to our table and introduced himself as one of the owners.  Apparently I was the first person to use the check-in so he asked how it worked on the phone app, I showed him, and he was very happy.  I was happy with the Walnut Tossies at the end of the meal for dessert, 3 little mini-pastries of walnut and brown sugar.   Overall, it was a good experience, especially since my friend treated me to this meal.  I don't spend $14 on breakfast on a normal basis, but I'll come back to try some of the lunch items.  MTO Cafe is a cool addition to Downtown and nice to have as a dining option there.
4, My family met here tonight to grab some food and catch up. There were 10 of us and they accommodated us on the patio. Vanessa was our server and she was fantastic. She helped us with the menu and was super funny. She handled us all ordering at different times like a champ. I've waited tables for 20+ years and needy tables are the worst but she was not bothered by us at all. When I come back, I'll definitely ask for her again. Ok, now the food. I had the bbq burger, cooked to perfection with sweet potato waffle fries. It was absolutely delicious. Mom had a chef salad, uncles had a club like sandwich and a french dip. Sisters had prime rib sliders and a chicken sandwich. Nephew got the philly cheesesteak. Everyone was happy with their choices. We also got all 3 cheese, meat and fruit boards which were 7 bucks each! Loaded with cheeses, all kinds, salami, prosciutto and  fresh fruit. A-MAZ-ING. I can't wait to go back! Only complaint was that stupid jenga game. They should put a rug underneath it so it's not so loud when it falls.
3, Thang Long is another Vietnamese Restaurant with Hanoi speciality  that opened up at the strip Mall right across from Vaughan Mills.  During the day it is a restaurant but at night Thang Long will be transformed to a Bar and Karaoke.. also specialized in Vietnamese pop songs just in case any of you guys want to drop by.  Inside is nicely decorated with 2 set of sofa and lounger and the front and the back of the restaurant. You will find yourself surrounded by TV.. yes this little place has 6 TVs and you will have a view no matter where you sit!  Special Ha-Noi Vermicelli ($8.99) - This is the first time I ever has this dish so I have nothing to compare to. Grilled pork belly and pork patties soaked in fish sauce with Vermicelli and various lettuce, mint leaf and basil. - The pork belly a little hard and chewy... maybe it is not fatty enough :) (gee I don't believe I said that!)  Pho Tai Name Ve Don - Medium rare Beef & Crispy Done Lightly Fat Beef ($6.50) - Big disappointment... I don't think I will ever order Pho again here - Soup based is really bland..just a hint of Beef flavour in the soup and not too many other.. no star anise is used..and is not served boiling hot... - Noodle is the package dried type... - Beef is tough and overcooked.. Crispy done Lightly Fat Beef? don't see or taste any fat.. and is mighty chewy  Banh Cuon Thit Cha Lua -Steam Rice Roll with Pork ($6.99) - The best dish we ordered... thinly steamed rice sheet rolled in with shredded pork and wood ear mushroom topped with fried shallots. Nicely done and bring back a lot of childhood memory....  Service here is friendly and nice. Vietnamese pop song and karaoke video accompany us while we eat our lunch....  Nice environment and only if they would work on their cooking...  2.5 star
5, Very professional and was an amazing bang for the buck!    Unlike the cheap DIY looking photo walls that you usually see at parties nowadays, this is an ACTUAL photobooth; but not the type you and your best friend would squeeze into at the strip malls.  This was large enough to fit our entire family of 6 adults in a frame with no issues - masks, hats, wigs, and tiaras and all! Best part of an actual booth vs a photo wall was the ability to have your photos show outside the booth for others to enjoy but you have the privacy to prep your poses for each shot without staring at the rest of the guests waiting in line or having those eating putting a damper on your diva shot!   Two's company photbooth were very good with the kids; they were patient and were very professional and efficient in managing the booths.  They provided a couple bins of props, signs and costumes and the pictures came out beautifully with our personal touches and messages personalized on the photos.  We were given multiple options when deciding the size of the photos and we were asked how they can customize the template to reflect and match the occasion right down to the message. The photobooth was a blast and we received a lot of compliments on the booth as being one of the highlights of the evening.  Highly recommended!!!
4, Fat G. coming from Ayrsley. Having got off the plane in Charlotte and looking for a place to eat in town, we came across a place that looked nice and different and was actually open Sunday night.  Harry's is a combination bar/restaurant in the town of Ayrsley. Surrounding the area are trees, small office buildings and the highway, along with some local businesses and such. When you go in, there is someone to greet you. Directly in front of you is the bar along with some small seating on the left. On the right are some booths and tables for larger parties.  They have a small menu for food, but a larger menu for drinks and cocktails. I ended up ordering their burger of the day, which came with fries and one other side that I can't remember right now. The burger was big and satisfying and so were the fries, albeit a bit salty.  What surprised me was the cleanliness and the amount of service they gave us. The server checked in on us multiple times and so did the manager. I wasn't quite sure what to make of it, but in light of this review, I would consider it a positive aspect to mention.  I wish I were able to review other food spots in the area, but even considering this was our only place that we went to eat out, it was a good choice. The place is good for watching the game, or hanging out with people.
2, Dirty mexican food...  THE UP-SIDE: The food is decent and will definitely fill you up.  THE DOWN-SIDE: This place is downright unsanitary at times.  I've witnessed the person behind the counter rub their coworker's neck (greasy curls falling all over their gloves) and then turn to make my burrito; touching my food with the same gloves.  At other times, I've watched them drag the burrito across the counter top, pulling whatever germs were there along with "my food."  On yet another occasion, I witnessed them pulling up a container from behind a burrito belonging to a customer in front of me.  The container dropped a bunch of dirty water onto it.  Needless to say, I watch really carefully now when they make my food.  Also, this location has a few girls working here that are damn annoying; always yelling and laughing to the point of irritation.  THE SUM-IT-UP: Good food but HIGHLY unsanitary at times.  Roll the dice...  UPDATE MONTH'S LATER:  I decided to lower my guard and go here today.  What a mistake.  I ordered the 4 crunchy tacos.  And, where every other decent Chipotle will fill each taco separately - as they indeed should - this one took it to the opposite extreme.  The girl behind the counter was lazy and indifferent. She plopped each of the salsa's on top of the shells, not in them.  By the time she was about to put the lettuce on that I had asked for, I had to stop her.  I said, "Stop.  Please.  You've completely covered the shells.  I can't even see them any longer.  You've done nothing but make a giant mess that I have to fix up if I'm going to eat a taco that has something in it."  She got all huffy like, "Well, I never!"  Too bad.  If nobody tells her that her absolute laziness is making a mess of my meal, she will never change.  (And by the way - it was not busy at the time. In fact, it was nearly dead in there.  She had no good excuse.)  I'll never eat at this sh#thole Chipotle again.  The others aren't so bad, but this location truly - truly - just doesn't give a damn.
4, My fiance and I are both restaurant workers and yelp is the bane of our existence but after our experience today, I downloaded the app just to tell my story. We were attending a concert and really wanted to try barrio for the first time. There was a tribe game and we waited 35 minutes for a table. I had been told that the portions were small so we ordered 6 tacos a person for 3 people. FYI unless you are a glutton the portions are lovely. We definitely over ordered. The guacamole was fresh and bright and delicious. I could definitely taste (and feel) the liquor in the drinks. The server was on point and had plenty of help. The food took close to an hour. We had to leave. I should've allowed more time for dinner. When we informed a manager of our dilemma, he had our tacos boxed and comped therm. All 16. You can imagine it was substantial. I was blown away. In this business, sh!t happens and it's all about the recovery. Nice recovery guys. The tacos were SUPERB and we really appreciate the gesture. We'll be back soon and with ample time for the experience. Thank you again
3, Definitely not used to the cost difference from Cali to here.  It's almost double.  I would expect it to be perfect.  I came here around New Year Eve, because it's close to home.  I called right before coming in for an full set acrylic.  I was told they have a spot open, so I came within 5 minutes.  There was a misunderstanding, when I got my nails done.  Basically, the tech I had first was told I'm getting a manicure with gel.  He did seem like he was in a rush.  He didn't ask me what I was getting done, he just started to do my nails.  No communication whatsoever.  Then when he asked which color I wanted and started to paint on my soft, raw nails.  I stopped him right there and said, oh, I'm getting a full acrylic set with gel.  I came in with acrylic that he removed with the tool, not even soak them or file them down.  Well, he got really upset.  Got up, grabbed his stuff, and said some things in Vietnamese about me didn't tell him the right service.   I speak Vietnamese fluently btw.  I felt that by this tech, I wasn't treated with respect.  He totally just bounced, who does that.   Anyways, the front desk guy did apologized for the misunderstanding and now I have to wait for a different guy to finish my nails.  I did have to wait another 15-20 minutes until he was done with someone else.  I did like the work the second guy did and he didn't bounce on me. LOL  Not so sure how I felt in the middle of my service my technician gets upset and bounced.    Not for me. Such a pity.
1, Do not stay here under any circumstances. The hotel specifies that you should call ahead if you're going to be arriving after hours. I called the front desk early in the afternoon and got confirmation that we could arrive 15 minutes after their closing time. The woman that I spoke to was sweet and assured us that it'd be ok. I then called around 11pm to confirm that our plans were still good, and was told by the male manager that not only did they have no record of my call, but that under no circumstances would they wait 15 minutes after closing for us to get there. This is after we've paid them. So I asked for a refund, and they said they wouldn't refund me because there wasn't 24 hours notice!!! Meanwhile, the hotel manager was being flippant and accused me of lying that I'd called in the first place. He claimed that they had no female receptions on their staff!!! When expedia called to get a refund, a female manager answered the phone and said that they had no male managers on their staff!!! Unbelievable! I fully intend to pursue legal action against this hotel if this matter is not resolved soon.
1, Wow. And this is not a good wow at all.  Did NOT expect such bad food here. My fellow diners said they had better steaks from Outback, possibly Sizzler and Cocos.  The waiters seem programmed to try to upsell everything. The only "amazing" food on the menu from the kitchen are the highest priced items.   Considering how much amazing food is available in Vegas, Beso sucks some major donkey balls. The various managers are completely useless.  The manager we got to "work" with Chad Jahn is beyond useless. The consensus is that he's an ex-bouncer and doesn't even know how to manage to make a drink much less manage a high-profile restaurant.  There seems to be too many staff running around pretending to be busy than actually working.  I saw no less than 3 managers pretty much walking the floor doing nothing.  None of them went up to any tables to inquire about the food, the service or anything that would normally be relevant to their jobs. There were too many hostesses worried about their outfits and make-up and being seen.   Now, onto the food. Again, WOW. It was beyond awful--once it actually came out.  Apparently our ticket got dropped TWICE by the kitchen. And, did any manager come out to apologize and try to make nice? Uh, that'd be a no.  That's where the wonderful and awfully helpful /insert sarcasm here Chad came over. And he only came over because we actually asked the waiter where the manager was and why he wasn't the one trying to sooth things over with us.  Instead, we told him what we expected from our service. Comped food, a steep discount and free dessert/coffee/tea. At least he had the competency to do that, so I guess there is some hope. BUT, the best part is--he wasn't the one telling us. Our poor waiter was the one breaking the news. Isn't that a manager's job?  The waiter and his trainee were so sweet and trying to help out, but honestly, what else can they do? I think they pretty much gave up when they knew how much of the dinner was going to be cut, therefore reflecting their tip. We made sure they were compensated for their work. As for the main tab? Aw hale naw.  Took whatever discount they gave us. Normally our group would order 1-2 desserts to share. Yeah, call us greedy and bitter, but we each ordered one.  The sad thing is? Even the dessert took 15 minutes to come out AND it wasn't good.  The one star was because our waiter actually tried so hard.  Final report: More style than substance.
1, 2 of us went May 28 @ 9:35 pm at my suggestion as I'm a Mexican and Tex/Mex food aficionado and remembered having enjoyed the place a couple years ago. There was only one other table occupied and the waiter returned within 1 minute to ask if we knew what we wanted as the kitchen was closing in 5 mins, giving the impression that he would be just as happy if we left. Posted closing time is an early 10 pm. Unfortunately, we stayed...  I sat my reading glasses case down on the table when we arrived. When I went to pick it up to read the menu, it was practically stuck to the table. Classy, eh? After some mediocre tortilla chips and salsa, we both had the combination platter described in the previous review and guava margaritas. All of it was utterly bland, so I asked for some Tabasco. The server informed me there was no Tabasco and was walking away when I called after him asking if they had any other hot sauce instead. He grudgingly brought another very spicy sauce and spent the remainder of the evening cleaning tables, stacking chairs and generally making it clear that he wanted us out of there ASAP. I did manage to request a glass of water from him as he reached across the table mid-meal to remove our candle. The lights were very bright, so I asked another server if they could be turned down. After asking if I wanted to go to sleep (!), she turned them down just a touch, but a few minutes later our waiter turned them on full blast. By this point the place had less ambiance than your average McDonalds at 3 am. No one ever inquired if we were happy with our food (we were not). The hot sauce I'd begged for added the only taste. The 'quesadilla' was practically an empty tortilla. I know where to find much better tacos and enchiladas in Toronto for less money. The margarita was ok, but it wasn't enough to make this joint acceptable.
1, If I could give negative starts, I would. This place HAS THEE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER! They discriminate against people of different color and did not even try to hide it! The manager, was not helpful at all. I would put all of the rude people on blast if I knew I wasn't going to get filtered! I will be contacting Hastings Law firm for the horrible horrible weekend I had with my family there. We even booked the mediterranean suite because it looked to fabulous. Later we found out the carpets have not been washed for how many years, mold in the restroom, and just plain horrible.  The worst part? RATS RATS RATS RATS RATS RATS and BABY RATS!!! Ewwwwww!!! I felt bad for people who were having thier wedding held there because as soon as I saw the rats, I didn't even want to leave my room. Maybe I should call the health and food commitee to have them check out the place? Sad part is, Green Valley Ranch was my ALL TIME fav spot to be in Vegas. We started going there when it first opened... When I was about 18! I'm 30 now... Green Valley had a special place in my heart. Up until now, I have never not once felt discriminated on until I went to Green Valley recently. What a horrible mess it has become.  One more thing. The chlorine in the pool is to strong! I didn't even dip my head in the pool and my eyes were watery the WHOLE time while watching my son. Sorry but this place SUCKS. They couldn't even admit they were wrong. Horrible place to not be a great customer service person!
4, My wife and I stayed at the Plaza over Labor Day weekend. This was our second visit since their remodel. We were a little apprehensive given some of the bad reviews I read prior to this visit so we actually booked a comped room at the Orleans as back up. We chose to pay for the Plaza because we prefer to stay downtown. I am happy to say we didn't need to use our back up room and stayed all three nights at the Plaza.  Check was a breeze even though we were there at 1pm, they had 5 people working so the line moved very quickly and since I had picked up a $2 Coors before getting in line I was fine with the wait. Robert at check in was very pleasant and since I explained my apprehension to him he worked very hard to make sure we had a good room. He really wanted to make sure we had a good floor but couldn't get us a King bed on the floor he wanted for us so I took the two queens which isn't a real big deal. I couldn't be happier with his service.  We were given a very nice room in the south tower on the 21st floor with a nice view of the strip. The room was as we remembered from our last visit. The furnishings are nice and in good shape. the bed's were comfortable but the pillows were a little lacking. The room was clean and believe me we checked thoroughly before unpacking. The room is good size for Downtown. The only things I would have liked the room to have would be a coffee maker (we brought our own instead) and a refrigerator (which is rare downtown except at the Main street Station). The floor we were on was quite and didn't smell of smoke. In fact I think in the three nights there I only saw one other person on the floor. Maid service was always prompt and thorough. She even left a couple extra waters for us each day (probably due to a nice tip every morning).  The Casino at the Plaza is ok. We played some slot machines and the electronic crap machine a lot. Drink service was good. We mainly play Blackjack though and I don't care to much for the tables there. We prefer the double deck 3/2 at the Cal. We did play one evening with some of the Girls around the dancing stage. Even though they pay 6/5 and use auto shufflers, which I hate, the girls were actually very funny and we had a good time. We did play at the craps table a few times and the dealers were all very nice and friendly.  We saw a couple of comedians at the comedy club one night. The tickets were a little overpriced for the show, even with the 2 for 1 coupon, but we had fun and didn't feel to bad about doing it. The drinks at Z bar while we waited for the show to start were great.  Island Sushi is a nice little place, prices are great and the food was very good. the fish tasted fresh and clean. The sizes were a little small but given the price I cant complain to much we just ordered more.   Pop up Pizza is amazing especially at 1 or 2 am after drinking vodka and playing cards all night.   The Mexican place in the food court has a great breakfast burrito.  All in all a nice trip especially since I am a rate watcher and got all three nights over the weekend with resort fee for $128 total.   The Plaza is perfect for downtown stays. Right there for all the action but not so in the middle of it that it is crazy and loud like the D. It was nice to walk thru all of the noise and madness of Freemont on a Saturday night to come back to the Plaza and leave all of that on the other side of the street. We will be back for sure.
2, My co-worker and I have seen construction going on in Noodle & Co's tidy corner of market square and were anxious to try it out.  I had the Pad Thai with Tofu and boy was it underwhelming. The noodles were covered in an almost sickeningly sweet "chili" sauce. There were few vegetables, mostly carrots, and no attempt at any sort of condiment (peanuts, vinegar, fish sauce, etc.) other than a few bean sprouts. The Sriracha was really what saved the dish. The tofu was barely warm and pretty chewy.  The menu, and items therein, seem to be developed to appeal to broad and bland american palate. There are around 20 noodle dishes in three different categories, "Asian", "Mediterranean", and "American" as well as 5 sandwich dishes.  Overall strikes me as a Panera Bread trying to piggy back on fresh concepts like Chipotle's success. Probably not the most fair assessment, but we were expecting a brothy Asian noodle hangout and this was far from that.  All that said, the prices are probably fair, especially affordable if you go sans meat/tofu although I would really appreciate an extra veggie option.
5, I will never be able to put into words just how much I love Aladdin's. I can easily walk to it, sit down in one of the cozy little booths in this not-to-big-not-to-small joint, mull over exactly what I want, and never be disappointed - plus, I always get my food very quickly, so whoever is in this kitchen, keep doing what you're doing!   If you're looking to get an appetizer with your meal, I highly recommend the pita and/or salads, which always have super tasty seasonings - they're super flavorful ways to start your meal off for sure. As for the main course, while there's a pretty decent number of options I'm addicted to their rolled pitas, which range from basic chicken and honey mustard dishes to Mediterranean-styled lamb or beef pitas, complete with special house sauces and dressings.  I rarely get their desserts, not from lack of quality but from lack of room - the food here is extremely filling, even if you split it with a friend like I often to. That said, I can testify from my occasional splurges that the desserts here are pretty darn good, so long as you're in the mood for cake. If not, there's both a frozen yogurt and an ice cream shop a block or two down the road. They're super easy to get to and find, assuming that you don't opt to order your dinner online in advance and then take it home, although I think this service is more there to allow someone to plan hours in advance, as opposed to suddenly deciding, Hey I want Aladdin's! At that point you may as well go to the restaurant, since they don't deliver.  Man, just writing a review about this perfectly placed restaurant with its amazing food is making me hungry...maybe I'll need to treat myself to some Aladdin's this week!
5, WOW! Amazing. met up w/ my bestie tonight @ town square. We were both hungry so as We walked past the tommy bahama resturant. We asked to peek @ the menu & the Host at the door was very Clever.  I totally wish i remembered his name...my bestie thinks it was Corey but either way you were awesome! We got a great server...William! awesome! Great bottle of wine & not totally over priced wine list.  It's nice to see a couple bottles under $100 bucks. FOOD was OUTSTANDING!!!....Scallop sliders, goat Cheese/mango Ap, lemongrass Ahi Tuna. everything was out of this world. So many other things looked amazing on the menu we will certainly be back to try then out!!! William brought over the dessert tray & made some recommendations. 2 Chocolate things we ordered...1 with Williams recommendation of Godiva liquor poured over it........AWESOME. Arturo the GM stopped by as we were finishing up our dessert. Thanks it was great to meet you!!!! It was truely one of the best dinners I've had in a long time.  The Company (my bestie!), the service & especially the food!
3, Yesterday was my first time ever for a facial at Aveda. The salon is really nice and clean. The spa is on the top floor and it is very quiet and relaxing. The staff is super friendly, they offered me tea (and I dont even like tea but this one was really good). The girl who took care of me was Eva. She is super nice and friendly, and she did a fantastic job. She makes you feel very relaxed and comfortable and her massages are amazing. The facial was 70$+tip. My face is usually extremely red after a facial because I have very sensitive skin, but yesterday was not bad at all. The extractions doesn't hurt compared to other places. The only cons would be that the don't extract milia around the eyes, and I would have liked a deeper extraction. Very good experience overall. I will definitely be back!  *UPDATED: All the skin products I bought (cleanser, moisturizer, toner and essential oil) gave me really bad allergic reactions. Be careful if you have sensitive skin as a big number of Aveda products contain lavender. Lavender is NOT good for sensntive skin EVER. I had a terrible rash all over my face for 3 weeks. I could return the products but they gave me a gift card, not cash back. Now I have 150$ in an Aveda card that most likely I'll give to someone because I am not going to use any of their products ever again. So be careful if you have sensitive skin. Try little samples before buying any skincare product.
2, I honestly just don't get it. I went here because I wanted to meet a friend relatively close to Union Station and wanted to eat something good. There are a lot of pricier joints downtown so I opted for Corrado's. It looked like it was going to be cheap + delicious arancini and italian-style sandwiches. I was rather disappointed when I actually ate it.  I love arancini. I love rice, and love rice with creaminess. And fried, crispy breading? Arancini is a delicious union of the two. Unfortunately Corrado's arancini doesn't quite measure up. Sure, they're pretty big, and the filling is actually creamy and tasty, but I don't see the point of smothering the arancini with tomato sauce as you can't taste any of the crunch or crispiness of the breading, and makes it just taste like I made rice with cream of mushroom sauce and pasta sauce.   The sandwich wasn't anything spectacular either. I much prefer Porchetta, Club Sandwich, or even my own sandwiches. Maybe the other menu options are better. Who know's, I'd much rather spend my time and money elsewhere.
1, This isn't the place to take your vehicle. They were suppose to front end alignment, front brakes. And change my oil with supplied oil. Got a call from Russell that all my rotors and pads needed to be redone. 1100.00, told them to go ahead, the oil was changed, with some new bolt put in as a drain plug (it is now leaking) they didn't put the spacer back on the right rear wheel When they did the brake job. The had billed the alignment, after I got there and asked about it, They removed it from the invoice cause they never did it, I'm not done. The day after they did brakes I went to California. The from end was rattling a little more so when I stopped for Gas I reached in and the top shock bolts were loose(I had asked them to check the front shocks, and was told they checked them  and they weren't leaking and they were fine. I own a construction company and was looking for a "honest" place to bring my work truck to as well as our personal vehicles to. This is NOT the place to bring any vehicle to. I have never written a bad review before this one, but what happened here isn't fair or the right way to do business.
5, We had an amazing brunch at Bouchon! This will be on my must-eat list every time I go to Vegas.  Arriving a few minutes early for our table, we found ourselves waiting at their full bar, which is where our wonderful experience began. A melange of mimosas, French 75s and Bloody Mary's rolled out (hey, we were on vacation!), and the brunch festivities began. The bartenders know their stuff, are friendly, and prepared our drinks lickity-split. Each cocktail was carefully made, and tasted delicious. Drinks in hand, we were soon escorted to our table.  They were debuting a new menu on the day we went. I can't comment on the changes since I haven't seen the old one, but the menu had something for everyone. Our server did a fantastic job of explaining the menu to us and making recommendations based on our preferences. The service was singularly outstanding! Thanks to Alonso!  At our table we got the chicken & waffles, croque madame, salmon version of croque madame, steak & potatoes, and a variety of sides and pastries. Every item was delicious and well prepared. The Lyonnaise potatoes are an excellent side. Chicken and waffles are the bomb. And the pastries - oh my gosh, the pastries! It wouldn't be wrong if you ate an entire meal consisting of their pastries. I wouldn't judge you.  Overall, a vastly superior dining experience, and a brunch to remember!
5, This place is exceptional from start to finish! Needed to have my bumper replaced along with other front damage. I contacted and visited several other companies prior to FIX auto. The other companies told me I had to schedule an appointment just to get a quote. And those that did see me, told me I would be without my car for weeks! I called Fix Auto, and from the beginning Al was very kind and informative. He told me to bring it in anytime for a quote. I brought it in hours later and after Al explained what needed to be done and how long it would take , I booked my appointment. While the other companies were telling me it would take weeks, Al said he would have my car ready by the end of that week. Four days later and hours earlier than promised, my car was ready! Couldn't be happier. They did an excellent job and Al continuously kept me up-to-date on the status of my car. I highly recommend Fix Auto. Al even offered other services they do aside from bodywork. I will definitely be back to take care of any updates my car needs such as headlights windshield wiper replacement, etc.... A+++++ work & customer service !!!!  Happy customer
4, I'm really new to all this, but always like to try new things.  Makes life more exciting. But I digress...  Went with a friend and we both ordered Thai Curry, which consists of veggies and tofu in the curry paste I believe.  I was in the mood for rice noodles and had that added and replaced the tofu with textured vegetable protein (TVP), along with extra spicy.  Like, hot hot. :)   The TVP takes some getting used to.  For me personally, I liked it at the beginning but not as much at the end.  It was very different for me but the dish itself was yummy and had a light curry flavour.  Fresh peppers, onion, cabbage, etc.  The spicy was light for my taste.  It might have been the fact that I asked for them to add more stuff to the dish to make it spicy, but it kept leaking over the side onto the table.  Had to keep mopping it up with a napkin.    For dessert I ordered vanilla bean ice cream made from coconut milk. Couldn't go without a double chocolate chip vegan cookie.  Kind of funny but I envisioned the ice cream sitting on top of the cookie and never mentioned it, but that's how it was brought to the table.  Crazy.  Like they read my mind.    Staff were really friendly and attentive as well.  Cute little place to visit.
2, I was really hoping to enjoy this place.  Great location in a modern building. The problem was more with the kitchen than anything else.  Came when there wasn't a crowd and was asked to sit inside or outside. Chose inside and was seated quickly in the middle of a long row of tables.  Waitress was very friendly and the service was quite good. We ordered and waited.  My stepdaughter had the Kobe burger and asked for it to be 'medium', it was rare. My girlfriend asked for the Turkey burger, it was under cooked with a soft white center and had to be sent back to the kitchen. I had the Samburger which as a burger with bacon on it. I asked for it to be medium rare and got it very rare.  I like rare anyway, but not what I had asked for. The buns were nice and soft and the flavor was ok.  On the bright side, the loaded fries were very good, according to my stepdaughter.  There is a lot of new competition in Gilbert and not performing well is not going to help. I am sure other Yelpers liked this place, but it will not be one of my top picks.  I will try it again in a month or two to see if they have fixed their kitchen. I can cook faster and better than these guys. AND, I am not classically trained.
5, I have been to many salons in the Las Vegas area to try and find someone who can work on my wide nail beds. I can't stand acrylic because make my nails look too big and thick, I liked SNS powder but it would break very easily. So I decided to give hard gel a try and I went to LV Nails based on the reviews on Yelp. I was not disappointed! They fit me in same day, I got a full set and pedicure, that was PERFECT, for $100. Now that certainly isn't the cheapest I've ever paid, but you get what you pay for! And it was a very fair price. I've never had a better pedicure than the one I got from LV Nails and Spa. I have odd shaped toenails because when I was younger I used to rip them off rather than cut them down so they grow a little weird and pedicures usually get on my nerves because my entire nail is not painted. Of course it's easily chipped and they neglect the very sides of the nail bed but not here! They have the biggest variety of nail colors in regular polish and hard gel so I had a hard time picking what I wanted but it's a good problem to have! My full set was done by Kim and I can't remember the name of the awesome lady who did my toes, but I definitely want to go to her again! Kim was really professional and sweet. Made sure to ask me if I wanted water a few times, made sure I liked the shape, made sure I liked the color. She made sure to check in with me every step of the way to ensure that I was satisfied. Same with the lady working on my pedicure, made sure to asked me about the length and the color and gave me a really nice foot massage. The salon was really gorgeous very clean and friendly staff with friendly patrons. Parking was not a hassle unlike many other salons I've been too, have to drive around for a few minutes just to find a spot, not here parking was not difficult at all. This is definitely my new go-to salon in the Henderson & Las Vegas area.
1, I felt like I was in a used car dealership getting the hard sell.  I recently broke a tooth. I have no insurance and I'm only employed part time at the moment, so money is tight. I know exactly what I need is to get the tooth pulled, plain and simple.  I should have known something was up when I made the appointment here and couldn't get a straight answer regarding a price for a simple tooth extraction.  I went in and used their $39 exam/x-ray/cleaning special, got the xrays done fine then the dentist saw me. He immediately started pressing for me to get a crown that would involve a root canal, tooth shaping and the crown. I told him several times if I had the money I would get a permanent implant, but I can't afford it so how much to just pull it?  Well, then in walks the finance manager (sounds just like a car dealership) She details all the options from crowns to partials. Thousands of dollars she's quoting. I tell her how much for just pulling the damn tooth.  OK, she explains in order to quote that, since I don't have dental insurance I would have to buy a 1 year dental plan through them that would cost $95. That would entitle me to their "discount" procedure rate of $300 to pull the tooth. $300!!! plus the $95 plus the initial $39 and I'm looking at almost $450 to pull a simple tooth!  Well, needless to say I said no.  Even though I paid the $39 (demanded up front when I walked in) which was supposed to include a cleaning and free sonic toothbrush, I was offered and received neither. I should have demanded it, but at that point I just wanted to get out of there.  Beware, these guys are only out to bleed you dry.
5, This place is a hidden gem and I can guarantee you that you will not find better service anywhere! Two days ago, my wife and I were looking for a local bakery in the Avon/Avon Lake area for desserts for a family party. All other bakeries were closed/closing. I called Ventito and Donna, the owner answered. This was at 3:45 and they were scheduled to close at 4. I asked if they had any cupcakes we could come grab and she said SURE! She asked me to give her 20 minutes because they were just made the night before and they hadn't been frosted yet. My wife and I showed up at 4:10, ten minutes after they closed (!!!) and Donna let us in while she was still frosting our cupcakes! She took the time to make sure our desserts were perfect, even though it kept her working past business hours! Not only that, but then she had is try several other desserts, all of which were delicious, so she could get our opinions on them. Ventito is an absolutely great place, family owned, and I will make sure to go back for years. If you want not only great baked goods, but better service, I'd suggest you do the same thing as well!
1, I didn't HATE the place! Hate is a strong word but I wouldn't come back again for its food! My friend says that people come at night and drink. I came here during the middle of the afternoon and I didn't enjoy my experience here.   Food: They had a lot of asian fusion. I for one, despise Asian fusion cuisine! It's just weird... if i want Asian food, I would get asian food. Unless I have no other alternative...   I ordered a burger there and it tasted OK. Not something i would pay that much for again. The prices weren't high but taking the taste into consideration, i wouldn't pay over $10 for an OK burger and fries. The french fries weren't that great... I had to force myself to eat it; just so i didn't waste food.   Service: VERY SLOW. The place was almost empty during the middle of the day but the services wasn't very good. The waiter was slightly stuck-up! He wasn't very friendly but he wasn't rude. He seemed unhappy to be there and serving us.   The atmosphere: The place looked old like it needs to be renovated. IDK if that's intentional or not.
4, I'm really not sure what to compare Phnom Penh to seeing that this is the first time that I can remember trying Cambodian food.  So my 4 stars are taking in the assumption that this is what it SHOULD taste like and that is delicious, minus the white tea I drank, but that was my fault.    This past Saturday I had hit the West Side Market for some shopping and had brought my wife and our new work friend from India that some met at the Yelp party, Mridul.  We decided to come here because we wanted something unique, quick, and easy on the wallet.  I convinced them by showing Cara's review because the wife loves Pad Thai where I personally have never tried it.  Mridul was limited to chicken, chicken, or chicken so PP (Ha) was right down his alley.  For the appetizer we tried the PP Spring Rolls (4) and we all thought those were fantastic.  The peanut dipping sauce went perfectly with the fried chicken / veggie 'smaller version of egg rolls'.  The wife, as predictable as they come, went with the Spicy Chicken Pad Thai mild heat.  This was spot on.  Very tasty, I mean I could eat this 3 days a week for lunch.  It was weird for me to see the whole dish basically reddish orange with sprinkled peanuts and sprouts because I really couldn't tell the difference between the noodles and the carrots.....again, this is my first time here so I quickly realize what a rookie I was.  Mridul went with the Chicken Fried Rice, medium spice, with a scrambled egg inside.  This was really good too, a dish I would recommend if a rice dish is your desire.  I went with the Spicy Pork Pad Thai medium heat for 2 reasons.   1) I originally wanted the chicken but wifey beat me to it and 2) I wanted to see if there was a noticeable difference between chicken and pork, which upon tasting, there really was.  Although all dishes were great, we all decided that the Spicy Chicken Pad Thai was our favorites.  We also all decided that the heat needed to be upgraded to the medium level, not mild.    What a great first time.  I will be back and also want to try Pad Thai somewhere else to see how it compares.  Very cute place, and really reasonable.  Be forewarned though, they only take cash.
4, Wolfgang Puck has like a million restaurants in Vegas and this one is similar to most of his other traditional Italian restaurants.  You're still able to order gluten free and whole grain pasta if that's what you prefer.    The restaurant was average and service was good but the real review here is for the dish i ordered.  We started off with a caprese salad and it was so good!  The buffalo mozzarella was just right and fresh.  But the memorable part was the entree.  I ordered the pancheta bucatini is it was so well balanced.  The pasta was perfect and the sauce was so good with bites of pancheta was just right.  The portion was good and i ended up finishing the whole thing and even used the bread to soak up whatever sauce was left on the plate.  I would definitely go back for that dish again.  Also, try and grab a seat outside the restaurant if you're looking for some entertainment and don't mind the noise.  I was here during dinner on a Friday night and the restaurant is right across from Light night club.  It gets interesting as the line gets longer and longer.  Vegas never disappoints.
5, My girlfriend and I decided to try George's Brasserie last night before our pre-Christmas celebration and were really blown away. The food was excellent! We started off with a barbecue octopus appetizer special that was really flavorful and tender. Also, the complimentary baguette they give you is great - not a crusty baguette like I've had to endure many times at other restaurants. My girlfriend ordered the duck entree and I ordered the pork chop. Both were exceptional! Her duck was so tender and moist and was the best duck either of us had ever eaten (albeit both with limited experience). My pork was very good, and the polenta that came with is was awesome. Unfortunately we were stuffed even before dessert, but all the food we tried was very flavorful and cooked just right. The service was pretty outstanding as well. Multiple different waiters checked on us or took plates, etc. but it was not because our main waiter was inattentive. The owner visited our table a few times as well, and the entire staff was friendly. The ambience is exactly what you would expect in South Park as well, very elegant and classy without trying too hard. No complaints about any portion of our visit to George's!
4, I have found my new spot! I really wanted to give this place 5 stars I really did! Our server was terrible :(  OK, so let me start... We ordered a Margarita that was made for 2 people to share. Yes I got drunk off it and yes I had a designated driver. It cost $25 for it but let me tell you it was strong and 48 ounces of heaven. It lasted my whole meal and that was with my man drinking off it too. The downside was as we watched the server at the bar making it she put a toothpick in her mouth that she then put cherries on and then put in our drink. GROSS! I'm totally getting that drink again it was too good. It was called "The Romance".  We started with tacos. If you show your local ID after 6 pm Mon-Fri you get up to 4 tacos at 50 cents each. YES just 50 cents each! They were by far the best part of the meal. You can pick between chicken, beef or carnitas.  I had the "Enchiladas Suizas" which was very good. It had Chicken, Tamatillo Sauce, Sour Cream, and Salsa. It also came with rice and beans that were full of flavor. I asked the server if it could be made with flour tortillas instead of corn but she tried arguing with me (her name was Yolanda) that Enchiladas cant be made with flour tortillas because it wont hold together. I finally said that I get them that way everywhere else and that is how I would like them. You will see by the picture I posted that they held up just fine :)  This dish cost $15.  My man had the "Beef Fajitas" and he ate every bit of it. He didn't like that it had corn grilled in with the veggies but he will know for next time to tell them to leave that off. This dish cost $19.  My mans Dad had the "Chili Relleno"  and this cost $16. He really enjoyed it.  I totally recommend this place to anyone who loves margaritas and great Mexican food!!!!!
4, Oh how I would of loved to have a Sharky's while I was in my late teens and 20's, those days when I was into my full-blown organic phase. Actually my 78 year old SoCal father would love this place and I should recommend it to him since he is the quinoa and brown rice type Filipino- I'm serious here. Although I do not subscribe to an organic lifestyle anymore, I do appreciate it and do like having options.  I came to Sharky's with a friend for an early dinner and ordered the Wild Salmon Lite Burrito. It's a wheat burrito filled with grilled wild salmon (not farmed), poblano organic brown rice, nori seaweed, cucumber, avocado and chili sesame seed oil. On it's own it is a bit bland but the salsa bar has a lot of different salsa to make that salmon burrito your very own. I tried different salsas and all of them were fresh and really kicked my burrito a few notches.   The burrito was very filling and I ate only half of it but maybe I was talking to my friend and got distracted. Either way, Sharky's is a great concept for those who are looking to have an organic lifestyle and eat out or for those who would just like that option even if it is for a night!
5, What a surprise.  Walking up from the outside, I was a little disappointed about the place - thought it would be "outdoors", when it's in the center of a non-descript strip mall.  But once through the automatic front doors, you're transported into a cozy wine celler at first, then through to the comfy restaurant/outdoor seating area.  Totally not what I had expected from the looks of the exterior.    From moderately priced champagnes to ultra high end bordeaux, they have a large variety of great wines.  You can even purchase a bottle and open it on the spot for a $10 corkage fee.    Had heard the food was good, which is why we came - and I was not disappointed.  Since it was sunday, it was mostly brunch items, but pretty much everything we tried was very tasty.  A few dishes of note:  -Buckwheat crepes: savory crepes are usually salty due to the sauce that's poured on.  Not the case here.  Crepe was soft and tender, with the chicken and mushroom going together nicely, and a light thyme creme sauce to tie it all together.    -Croque madame: frenchy countryside comfort food.  Love me a good thick piece of bread, and boy, their pain di mie was amazing.  Thick cuts of ham and two gooey over-easy eggs to tie it all together.  Yum.  -Lobster salad croissant: There's something really good about home made pastries and bread.  No corner cutting here.  Fresh lobster meat, mixed with creamy avocado, piled on top of a fresh baked croissant.    The kids really dug the lake view and hung around quietly watching the turtles swim around, while the adults ate and socialized.  Overall a great experience.  Highly recommended if you can stomach the drive into the heart of sSummerlin.
2, I really wanted to like this place. The reviews here are mostly good. I had the Tangerine Chicken. I realize that this probably isn't a great dish to review a Chinese place on, however this was rather disappointing. The atmosphere is comfortable and calm. [Most Chinese places I've been to are completely opposite of this] Also for a Saturday night they didn't have many people. [Saturday night is suppose to be a busy night]  Some of the issues I found: 1. The booths are quite old. If someone is sitting behind you it is very possible for them to push the booth into you. This is quite bothersome, and I had to move because of this reason.  2. Price, it wasn't that bad. It was about $10 for an entree, nearly $2 for a drink and the meal ended up being $16-17 after tip. 3. Service: I have no complaints. I'm not very picky on service, so I have no complaints. 4. Value: For the quality, I wouldn't say the value is very high. They did give a lot of quantity. 5. The food. This is the thing that bothered me the most. The Tangerine chicken was just chicken. There weren't any vegetables to compliment or to round out the plate. The chicken was chicken battered in tangerine peels, and their batter. Each ball of chicken was [with breading] about 2-3 inches in diameter. The chicken is covered in "brown sauce." The cirtus flavor was only if you had a taste of the fried remains of the tangerine peel. Also, this dish was claimed to be spicy, however from the looks of it, the only spicy element was entire chiles that had been added later to the sauce.   How could the food have been better. INAPC [I'm not a professional chief], but: 1. Balance out the dish. Add less deep fried items to the dish. I had never gotten an typical Chinese restr. dish that was deep fried and didn't have some kind of vegetables.  2. There was NO citrus flavor. If you want the flavor you're going to have to put it in the sauce. It is nearly impossible to favor via the meat via its breading. The chemical reaction completely kills most flavroids.  3. Don't reuse the sauce. Create a spicy sauce and crush up those peppers. Just putting them in the sauce and heating it up at the last minute won't make it spicy. Add heat to the dish and stick by it. If it says spicy on the menu it should be intended to be spicy.
1, I am an Ubereats delivery driver.  I arrived at the restaurant at 2:48 pm and stood at the courier pickup counter.  There was a young lady running the register, and a manager with headset delegating tasks to the staff visible from my view point.  The manager walked past me numerous times, hyper focused on bags and monitors and never once glanced at me to make eye contact.  At no point did he even acknowledge my presence.  After 8 minutes of standing there, I finally locked on and said HEY, is the ubereats order ready yet?    His response to me was "You should have spoken up, I can't read your mind".  This response is the most unprofessional and rude interaction I have ever had at any restaurant while doing deliveries.  This man has clearly no sense of customer service, and the fact that he is a supervisor, with an entire staff of employees within earshot, is a galactic worry.  This is whom they are taking their cues from.    So, I will speak up.  Greeting customers and making eye contact with them is the very basic first steps to customer service, across all chains and brands and industries.  And customer service is the business you are in, Mr. Manager.  Your deluded belief that customers should scream at the top of their lungs to get your attention is ridiculous, especially as you've closed yourself off to all interaction by talking loudly in your headset, fidgeting with bags and monitors, and basically ignoring everything human in site.  Don't you think that would intimidate people and make them second guess approaching you?  I have the answer, and the answer is yes.    I will never again do a food delivery at this location.  I can guarantee you I am not the only one, because often times I am pinged from 10 miles away from this restaurant to do a delivery.  Really?  There's nobody within 10 miles if this place that is willing to go there?  There is a reason!  Corporate needs to take a look at this franchise and consider revoking the license.  Read these yelp reviews very carefully.
5, This new sensation in Fremont will rock your socks off! And, it will, because it has a swing. A very cool swing, actually. And the freshest margaritas with the most intense flavors you're sure to taste in this town, and food. It has glorious food.   Stopped in on my way to somewhere else, was actually taking advantage of the valet parking that is oh so convenient, when I decided to stop in here to not seem like a cheater (valet requires you to eat here). I'm glad I'm honest.   Sat down and was greeted by a pretty girl in a cute outfit who really knows her way around a bar. Inquired about all the tasty margaritas and she explained which was tart, which was sweet, mellow, etc. Super helpful stuff there. Also threw some chips and salsa in front of me that alerted the tasted buds that delicious stuff was on the way. Thanks for the heads up, sexy, salty chips!  I ended up with two different margaritas. The first was a passion fruit margarita, which was fine, don't get me wrong, but it was nothing like the next one I had. Whew. Was talking to Michelle, I think that was her name, and she recommended I try the verano de jalisco. I am a huge fan of cilantro and added to this drink it made it fresh and delicious. The unusual salt (can't remember the name) around the rim just made it all the better. Do these!  I then had a side of elotes asados and it was sooooo freaking good. The plate was piled so high I couldn't eat it all. I should have eaten it all because now I want some and I realized how much I wasted. Regret.  But, the great news is, I can go and get some more anytime I want!  So, that's all I had there, but just what I had left me drooling for more. The ambiance, the drinks, the food, they all make for one of the best, most happening places to hit Fremont in awhile!
3, Update: The mark of a great restaurant is an owner who cares. I received a message shortly after the review below confirming that sides will be added to orders, and a changing table will be installed. Way to go, Honest John!  Honest John's interior decorator deserves 5 stars. Love, love, the décor. The brunch menu, while not incredibly big, is also solid. I order the DIY Omelette with almost every "topping" option. A few of the items I chose were missing, but it took a decent amount of time to receive our food, and I was starving, so I ate it anyway. It was delicious! I expected it to come with toast or something, but it was just an omelette on a plate. For $11, that's borderline too expensive for just an omelette IMO. I also ordered a side of homefries for $3, which were equally good. Two other things...  While our server was pleasant enough, service was slow. Granted, we had a party of six, but the party of three beside us also seemed to experience excessive wait times as well.  In my 3 short months as a parent this is the first restaurant I've encountered without a changing table. Even though it's been only 3 months, we go out a LOT, so it's interesting that this is the first time this has happened. I sort of just stood there, and after a bit of thought, decided to use my portable changing pad on the entryway bench. Sorry 'bout that, but I didn't want to do it at the table, and wasn't sure what else I could do. Unfortunately, I think this means I won't be dining at HJ's until my baby Yelper is out of diapers, or I fly solo. All things considered about the experience, it's probably going to be the former to give them a bit more time to work out what's sure to be a great restaurant someday!
1, Laser treatments.   Let me start by saying if I could rate this place lower than I 1 star I would. Nothing against the staff they were very kind but there is no knowledge base. The establishment takes advantage of potential clients that are new to the world of laser hair removal.   When I bought the package I had never done a laser treatment before and had no idea what it would entail and they took advantage of that. They rushed my session. I now currently go to a different med spa and it is like night and day.  To gain a little bit of perspective, at silk med spa I did 2 large, 2 medium and 2 small areas. I was in and out of the place within 15-20 minutes. I'm doing the exact same body parts at my new spa and it takes 2.5 hours. The attention to detail and knowledge is simply not there. I'm making this review because I'm so sad by the amount of time wasted at silk med spa. Anyone who does laser knows that every session counts and it's a process, I wouldn't want anyone else to be ill informed like myself.   Huge waste of time but the silver lining is that now I really appreciate the professionalism and good service from my current spa.
1, A bunch of people came together and said, "what can I include in this show to make it look like we're trying too hard? Let's just add sex and penis jokes with zombies because people love zombies and sex!" Who though this would be a good idea?  Tacky middle school penis jokes, unoriginal racist blacks and asian jokes, and overall poor storyline. The host is supposed to carry the show along, but instead I felt he stalled the momentum of the show. There were times I seriously wanted to shout out, "Get on with it! We get it, they have a penis!''  They poorly incorporated the zombie aspect of it. They created the show around the idea that zombies are hypersexual beings and kept trying to hammer that into the show. Zombies loves sex. Zombies love sex. There, I just told you the whole show.   I honestly couldn't understand the singing. I don't know if it's because of my seat but I had to seriously concentrate to understand what they were singing about, especially the host. Fast talking and slurred singing doesn't make for a good show. I've been to multiple musicals and shows, I've never had to concentrate so hard. The storyline was lost on me.   The theater is a long rectangle so the seat just continually goes upward instead of outward like most theaters. If you get stuck near the back and at the left end of the row, there's a huge block of wall that juts out blocking your view. You'll have to encroach on the people to your right to get a better view.   The only good thing about the show was that they had a live band. I'd rather listen to the live band play for 90 minutes than slurred singing and overused sex jokes.
2, While I can say only excellent things about Yellowtail, a fantastic restaurant also located in the Bellagio, I can't unfortunately say the same for Prime, this time around.  I've had excellent experiences at Prime before so I expected nothing different, however this time, this past Wednesday, I couldn't decide what was worse, the service or the food.  Maybe they were both equally bad.  My drink wasn't filled for almost 20 minutes, and I had to ask and then it took another 10 minutes for it to arrive, then I ordered another, and same story...no one asked us how our food was, the waiter was busy doing something else unfortunately and the people at the table next to us was also waiting and waiting.  The NY Strip w/Soy looked great, but I actually had to change knives from the first steak knife they gave me, to a different stronger one because the meat was so poorly preapred, it was tough and I barely ate 1/2 of it and then gave up.  The sea bass my buddy ordered was also over powered by the sauce it came with, another less than appetizing meal.    On a positive note, Yellowtail, I would highly recommend...ate there twice this trip and both times the service and food, as usual, was flawless.  I hope Bellagio fixes these types of issues at Prime, I have had good experiences there in the past, but I don't know if I'll visit it on my next trip.
1, California Pizza Kitchen has always been one of those places that everyone can agree on. The menu is big enough where there is something for everyone and usually everyone walks away happy. Lately though, the quality of the food as gone way down.   Before I went vegetarian I used to always get the chicken waldorf salad and it was always so good. I love the blue cheese and the candied walnuts. They were addicting. Since I've become vegetarian I settled on the hummus appetizer, grilled vegetable salad, and the wild mushroom pizza. Recently though, they have completed revamped the menu, adding new items, taking old favorites off. For some places, menu changes mean new and exciting food opportunities and makes the visit to that place even better. Not for CPK.   Recently, since beginning to use yelp, I have wanted to try new places and veer away from old favorites or places that I am used to. However, I tend to have friends and family members who are food-borists... Ya I just invented a new word. A food-borist is someone who never wants to try anything new, and will eat at the same place and order the same exact thing all of the time. My friends are this way. It never fails. Any time one of them has a birthday I get an invitation to eat at CPK and every time I groan. Even before I swore off CPK forever, I was getting extremely tired of it. The second to the last time I went was for my birthday with some friends. I ordered the new roasted vegetable salad and a cup of the vegetarian tortilla soup. I used to love the grilled vegetable salad and was pissed when they replaced it on the menu with roasted vegetable salad. Not good. I struggled through it because my friends paid for my dinner and I didn't want to waste their money. But it was gross, and I vowed never to order it again. The soup was good though. The last time I went was with my sister, husband and niece. This time I ordered the new caramelized peach salad. On the menu, most of the new items sound really good. Its just the execution of them that fails CPK. The peach salad was gross. The peaches were canned and then warmed, and I also saw no caramelization whatsoever. The combination of the peaches with the gorgonzola (my favorite cheese of all time) was so unappetizing. I didn't even get through half of the salad before I said forget it. My husband ordered the garlic cream fettuccine and added sauteed mushrooms and was upset by this as well. The portion size was really small and it was extremely salty. My sister ordered the barbecue cobb salad which was almost entirely jicama. She barely ate half as well because it was just a giant jicama salad! They skimped on all of the other items in the salad and just pretty much covered some jicama in barbecue dressing.   The pricing at CPK has also become outrageous. It was almost $13 for my salad. For a salad! Does anyone else find that wrong? Considering the ingredients, my salad should have cost $7, tops! Pasta is expensive, pizzas were generally reasonable for awhile but those prices have been raised as well. For such a casual dining place the prices are just exorbitant. The service also sucks. Our waitress probably spent two minutes total the entire meal at our table. No refilled waters, no how is everything. She was just rushing around everyone else's table except ours.   So we all have made a vow never to return to any CPK. Especially the one in the Chandler Fashion Center. Before I went vegetarian, I got a lovely surprise one morning after eating here and was graced with food poisoning for two days. That was a great experience.
5, I was a patient here when they were An Elegant Smile and was very happy with them. The only reason I left was bc they weren't open on the weekends. I went to Dental Depot and that was a mistake. I came back and am just as happy as I was when I left. Now they're Gentle Dental, Rio Vista. They explain what is going on with your teeth, what treatment plan needs to be done, and schedule you while you're in the office. The staff is always friendly and very good at putting you at ease. On the opposite, Dental Depot (Greenway) barely gave me anything more than "You need thousands of dollars worth of work", but I could never seem get them to go into detail about what was needed and why without playing 20 questions. They were always confused that I was ready to schedule my next appointment in the office and would tell me to just call when I was ready... I'm... I was... I've missed An Elegant Smile/Gentle Dental and I'm so glad to be back! If there were to be any "complaint" it's that when I tried to establish them as my dentist with Cigna, their information was difficult to find in Cigna's system. Perhaps they're listed by a corporate phone number.
2, Eggsmart is located right across the street from my place, so naturally I've called ahead to place take out orders. It's relatively cheap and the food itself has never been an issue. However, on at least two occasions, the order I received was not the exact order I had placed. For instance, one time I specifically requested and according to the bill paid the additional fee for bacon to accompany my chocolate chip pancakes, but to my disappointment, no bacon received.  Recently, bf and I decided to treat ourselves to breakfast across the street. It was the first time we actually had the dine in experience. Not impressed! We got there shortly after 9 am to beat the morning rush but the place itself was already so noisy. We could barely hear each other across the table. The majority of the noise, in my opinion, stemmed from the staff talking over each other and calling out across the room for each other. Furthermore, as we witnessed, the waitress was rude to several different customers on occasions. No tact. No quality customer service. Lastly, because of the limited seated capacity of the establishment, by the end of our meal, we were sharing our table with a random gentleman. What was left of our meal was eaten in silence as we scurried to make our exit. Awkward.
1, Wow I see a pattern here with the other poster. Gabe came out almost two weeks ago to give me an estimate to thin out my bottle brush tree. We agreed to this past Wednesday 6/14 to be out between 11:00&12:00 we agreed then about 11:00 he called and said a job went long they wouldn't be able to get there until about 2:00 and due to the temps that afternoon he said he'd rather not have his guys out. I agreed plus I didn't want them rushing or getting sick. So we agreed on today Saturday 6/17 between 7:00&7:30 in the morning. My wife called him about 8:40 to see where they were Gabe's phone was off. She left a message. No response about an hour later she texted him to say they don't have to worry about coming out today or any day. It's now after 1:00 pm still no calls. Wondering how they stay in business. Like the other poster we found their number in a My Guy flyer and yes I also thought these businesses were screened. They probably are. If their check clears to purchase the advertising space they are recommended. First time I paid attention to My Guy not going to make that mistake again. This is another business I have to give one star too because Yelp doesn't allow posts with no stars.  Call anyone else do not call these guys.
1, Despite other glowing reviews posted about this location, I cannot in good conscience give a good review.  Vapiano is a European concept Italian restaurant with a hybrid operation - somewhere between a sit-down restaurant (but no wait staff), a cafeteria/buffet (lines at various food stations), and a fast foot place (counter service).  Vapiano straddles these distinctions with technology.  Each customer gets a "credit card" to track their purchases then pays upon leaving.  Maybe that works better for pizzas and large shared plates, but it is a bit awkward for couples and small groups.  And if you want something else (another drink, dessert, etc.), you have to go re-order at the appropriate counter.  Sort of awkward in my opinion.  Vapiano's concept strongly emphasizes interior design - it even says so on their web page.  And while that is all well and good, two true tests of a restaurant are the quality of the food and the cleanliness of the environment.  Vapiano scores moderately well on the food (slightly better than average Italian), but falters significantly on cleanliness.  After my food was prepared, I took the tray to a nearby table.  I placed the tray down and noticed there were very small winged insects crawling on the table.  Not sure what they were - really small termites or large aphids?  Bugs and food - not a good combination!  So I changed table two more times and still there were bugs on the tables.  Maybe they were there because of the plants in the restaurant?  I don't know, but since I already had my food, I chose the "least buggy" table and finished my meal as quickly as I could.  Guess it could be at least as buggy as sitting outside or having a picnic?  The moderate mid-week crowd that was there seemed to not notice this problem.  The last table I selected was along the left-side of the restaurant, where there are long white drapes made of a sort of gauzy material.  The drapes hang down to almost table surface height and the tables are perpendicular to the windows.  Well, you can guess what comes next - looking at the drapes, you can easily see that they were absolutely filthy, stained by who-knows-how-many previous meals.  While pasta and marinara sauce can be a bit messy, whoever thought to put white drapes next to a table surface wasn't much of a designer.  A simple solution would have been to rotate the tables 90-degrees so they were parallel with the drapes - harder to stain that way.  Another good solution - replace the drapes with clean ones, or remove them altogether!  As I left to pay, the hostess asked me how my meal was.  I mentioned the bugs and stains, but she seemed oblivious to this.  Had she heard it before?  Did she not care?  I paid and left.  Insects and a dirty environment are a deadly combination for future success.  This location needs to get its act together - get rid of the tiny little buggers and clean the drapes.  I give this Vapiano location 3 stars (average) for food, but ZERO stars for cleanliness.
5, Located in old Henderson, Pho King Phonomenal doesn't look like much from the outside but don't let that stop you from visiting the best new Thai fusion restaurant in town. After a fun afternoon of day drinking my boyfriend and I decided we needed to fill our bellies with delicious pho and drunken noodles. I've been wanting to try this place because of the Yelp reviews and it didn't disappoint. We were greeted by the owner and a very friendly order taker (Leslie). We were sad to find out they had just run out of broth for the pho and were also out of the drunk AF noodles. However, this turned out to be a blessing in disguise because we ended up trying a variety of other equally delicious foods.    First up we ordered The Big Wang and it was awesome.  It came on a huge baguette and was loaded with strips of tender beef, cucumbers, a spicy (but not too spicy) Wang sauce), and Asian slaw. Side note: The Big Wang was listed as the top 11 best sandwiches you must try in Nevada. I can see why, seriously!  I wanted to try the Bang Bang Sliders and figured they would be little appetizer sized. Umm wrong, they were HUGE! Set between soft pretzel bread these sliders were overflowing with tender pulled pork, siam slaw, cukes and onions, and that tasty Wang sauce. You get 3 large sliders so plenty to take home.  Leslie recommended the Bangkok Burrito and we thought hey why not? Another excellent choice. This monstrously huge burrito came stuffed with curry chicken, chicken fat rice, and bamboo shoots. Again we could only eat about a third of it and in the take out box the rest went.    We were brought an order of Dirty chips on the house since they were out of the Pho and Drunk AF noodles.  They were like Asian nachos, were delicious, and we ate the whole damn thing with no apologies. Leslie also brought us samples of the homemade ice cream. My boyfriend liked the cereal milk flavor the best but passion fruit was my favorite. Total bill came to $38 but we easily got 2 meals out the deal. We're definitely coming back to try the Pho and drunken noodles soon! Like as in tomorrow.  This place really is "Phoking" Phonomenal!!
1, Horrible. Where do I start? I dutifully let the hostess know when I made my reservation that I would be needing the vegan menu. When I came and she was whisking me to my table, she pointed at a tray of desserts and said "You don't want to know about the desserts, do you?" Um, I guess not. It was several minutes before someone cane to take my drink order. Apparently, my waiter Roger was busy so this fella was going to fill in for a sec. Ok. I ordered the Dandelion cocktail and some water. After about 20 minutes, same fella came back and said "Roger is really backed up so I'll take your order." Mkay. I ordered the Buffalo cauliflower as an appetizer and the "red curry braised tempeh" for my entree. The cauliflower was really good. Then I sat there for an interminablr amount of time with an empty water glass, a crappy cocktail, and no breadsticks and watched a guy spend 30 minutes setting a table for 6 like he was Mr Carson and the Queen was coming to dinner. Did I mention the tables around me had bread? Then some guy with a ridiculous cart of copper cups asked me if I wanted a Moscow mule. No, but I'd like some water. At somepoint in this mess, my tempeh arrived and it was horrible.  When the person I assume was roger dropped the dessert menu on my table, I was Visibly ticked off. A manager of some kind came around to make nice since I was fuming. His excuse was that Mr Wynn was going to coming in for dinner. He comped my tempeh and I stormed out 37 dollars poorer. I hope for their sake Mr Wynn did not show up to that poor excuse for a restaurant.
5, Calling all matcha fans! You need to visit this place.   Tsujiri in North York has 2 floors. The bottom floor serves dessert, and the top floor is a sit down restaurant.  I visited this location for a meal. The waitstaff is very friendly and very attentive.   I started with the o-matcha cappuccino. It was served in a bowl. After first sip, you can tell that they use a high grade matcha. Very earthy in flavor with the sweetness of the frothed milked made it very enjoyable.  Now what to order to eat? The menu offered lots of good selection, that it was so hard for me to chose! I wanted something light and decided on the matcha unagi poke bowl. I enjoyed this dish very much. The soba noodle was nice and firm and chewy, however I wished that the noodle had more of a matcha flavor to it.   Now for dessert, I chose the pancake platter. It is a matcha pancake soufflé served with a side of matcha ice cream, burnt matcha ice cream and whipped cream. The pancake was nice and light. It was filled with matcha flavor. The platter also came with a syrup, which is really sweet. I just added a drizzle to a small piece to try, and it was enough.   I will definitely visit this location when I am back in Toronto for a visit.
3, Love the area, parking was a short walk (and free). Cute little shop with seating off to the left. The employees were not friendly nor rude. They were just... there. However, the lady who brought out our to-go bag was really nice. Most of the ice cream flavors were "OUT" (written in chalk on their massive menu board). This was 2 hours before closing so that might have had something to do with it. Still, there were some flavors that I would have loved to try but was unable to and that was disappointing.  They have metal spoons for the ice cream samples - that was unique and something I've never seen before.  Sampled the Turkish Coffee and French Toast ice cream, both were yummy but the french toast won (hands down!!!).  I just realized that I wasn't offered the little "sample" scoop on top of my french toast ice cream. I'll be sure to ask for it when I go next time. Seems kind of odd that I have to ask though. If that's their "thing", they should offer it to every customer, each time ice cream is ordered. Oh well.  My husband and I also bought fries. He ordered the cheddar bacon fries - pretty tasty with lots of cheese and bacon bits and 1 side of ranch.  I ordered the chicken tenders and fries which came with 1 side of honey mustard (which tasted more like mustard with a hint of honey). A boring and safe choice and it tasted, well... boring and safe.  The fries are rather expensive for what they are though. The pictures of the pizza fries look good but the price, along with it being extra $$$ for pepperoni (wth?), I will surely pass.  I will most likely make my way back for the ice cream, but not for the fries unless I'm starving and nothing else around seems appetizing. The fries are pretty good (well, my husband's were) but they are just too expensive and they aren't anything wondrous.  Spending $22 for doctored fries, small (albeit delicious) ice cream and meh service is a bit unappealing to me.
4, I was, prior to visiting, a little disappointed that I never got a chance to visit D'Arcy McGee's before it was replaced by Bar Louie. After hearing from my employer and his brother-in-law that it was not such a great place, that disappointment faded.  I decided to visit Bar Louie in early November while I was at Tempe Marketplace to watch a movie. I walked through the front door and was not greeted by either a hostess or any other employee. I traipsed toward the bar and was also not greeted by either of the two bartenders behind the bar. I continued forward and finally found a nice young lady whom I asked about seating. She retrieved a server and I requested to be sat on the patio. The patio was empty and I chose a corner table. My waiter informed me that he would be right back and would bring me a menu.  After bringing a menu back, I inquired as to whether or not there were any beer specials ongoing. I was dismayed to find out that their refrigeration system was on the fritz and they only had three beers available: New Castle Brown Ale and two run-of-the-mill, piss-poor domestics. I chose the New Castle.  After receiving my drink, I ordered from their very straightforward menu after asking the server what his personal favorite menu item was. The "Four Tacos Plato" with blackened fish was selected, and off went the server.  I received my food in a very timely manner and it was piping hot. Everything tasted fresh and it looked well-constructed.  My only complaint was the portion size. The tacos were listed under the "Large Plate" section of the menu, but the tacos themselves were quite small. They were more reminiscent of street tacos as opposed to restaurant fare. Regardless, the service was prompt, friendly and knowledgeable, the food was quite good and the atmosphere (at least from where I was sitting; on the outside looking in) seemed warm.  All-in-all, I can recommend it to others, but I can't say that it is a five-star establishment.
1, This place is unprofessional in every way possible.  It's really a shame that for a place that serves up very decent, authentic indian cuisine, that the customer service is so deplorable. My parents and I went in today to pick up an order of undhia and bhajia at 6pm. They had pre-ordered it and arranged the pick up time. We were told to wait for 5 minutes, which we did with no problem. 5 minutes turned into 10, 15, and almost 20. When it finally came out my father rightly expressed concern about the timing since we were ordering a very large amount for a special event. The owner snidely replied, well, if you are so concerned, then why are you even ordering from us?  Ummm, say what?  First rule of customer service, the customer is always right. And even if they are obnoxious, which we were not, you APOLOGIZE for being late. And you don't make snide comments.  And here's the kicker, we let it slide because there were other people in the store, and when we got home we realized we had gotten the WRONG order, we had 2 orders of bhajias. So we called the owner, Hetal, to note this error. Instead of an apology (at this point we were owed two) we got her adamant denial that she was in the wrong. No, it was us who had placed a wrong order. My father expressed his disapproval of her behavior and you know what she said? I don't have to listen to you, I've opened restaurants before, I don't need to be told how to run it.  UM, actually, you do. Because you are RUDE, UNPROFESSIONAL, and cocky enough to think that just because your food is good, you can get by with the worst service I have ever encountered. This is America, you can't treat your customers like this and get away with it.  And it's such a shame, because in this small indian community of Charlotte, one wants to spread the word about their fellow indian's business and help them out. But this place is not worth all the undhia in the world. It left a really bad taste in my mouth and we will never step foot in there again.
2, The positive reviews here clearly came from family or friends that work here. I used a groupon (or something similar) for cut and color and firstly could not find the salon in the unlabeled room in the hallway of rented salon rooms. I had to go door to door asking for them, which was embarrassing enough. Then I was told that color would be extra for my longer hair (which make sense). I ended up declining the hair color part for the added $$ reason, and just asked for the haircut man to make it look nice without cutting too much off. In the end he took about an inch off at the ends, no layering, no cutting to creating a style at all. I literally could have done the same thing in 5 minutes with a pair of kitchen scissors.   To be fair I could have been a lot more aggressive to get what I wanted, i.e. exclaiming that I would not pay for extra color as it was not written in the details of the coupon, demanding that the man cut my hair into an actual style, etc, but I should not have to. That's not the kind of person I am, and if this is the kind of place that requires you to do that then I will not be back and would not recommend to anyone.
2, On the plus side, there are a lot of lights on the Strip!   From a distance, it looks glamorous and fun.  Up close, it's a different story.  Up close, it just makes me sad.  I feel sad because if tourists come here from other countries and base their opinion of the US solely on what they see on the Strip, they would think we are a bunch of overweight alcoholics, who wear clothes that are much too tight and short, and that we want prostitutes to come to our hotel rooms in 10 minutes.    I know, I sound like a prude. But as I see another drunk young lady, teetering in ridiculous heels, valiantly chugging from a yard long plastic vessel full of some sugary sweet, booze-filled drink, I have to wonder if she is really having fun or if she just thinks she is.  Another thing that is particularly depressing to me is the women who are handing out cards for "dates" that you can have in your hotel room in 10 minutes.  Do they understand what they are doing to these other women, who are someone's sister, daughter, mother?  Walking down the Strip at night, I pray for humanity.     In the morning, it's actually pretty nice though and a good place for a run.
3, Sauce has grown on me... particularly this location since this is the one I frequently end up at for a quick lunch or casual dinner spot near home.  I typically order chopped salads at lunch.  The chopped turkey & feta salad is what I had today.  I had them add asparagus, which was a great call if I may say so myself!  The large salad and fresh roll is the perfect lunch... fresh, filling, healthy enough, and pretty inexpensive when it comes to designer salads around town.  I also like the spinach, pancetta & goat cheese and the veggie & aged parmesan salads.    My husband eats at Sauce often as well... he goes for a salad or sandwich.  Last time we were there together, he had the salami, turkey, prosciutto & mozzarella panini.  I had a bite and was pleasantly surprised! It had a nice balance of thin sliced meat, cheese, lettuce, tomato, and tangy red wine vinegar in between two perfectly grilled pieces of bread.  The thin crust pizzas are pretty decent also.  Depending on your appetite, sharing a pizza and a salad with your companion can work out to be a satisfactory meal...   What I like about Sauce the most? Fast, friendly, and efficient service in a clean and casual environment.  The moderate pricing is also a big plus in my book... especially in this economy.
1, I have had three experiences with little snips, one meh, one not-so-good and one downright terrible. My first time in I was just attempting to make an appointment, I stood there for 5 minutes before anyone even acknowledged my presence, only then to be told someone would come help me soon. After another 5 minutes I decided it wasn't worth my time to wait around, it didn't seem like anyone cared that I was there. My second experience I actually got an appointment but the lady was snippy because we were a few minutes late. Ok fine, sorry I was a little late, but this set my two year old off on the wrong foot. We want this to be a positive experience for him and are expecting that out of a children's salon. He could totally read her negativity and was afraid to get in the chair, normally he is very good about haircuts. My third and final attempt to go to Little Snips I made an appointment and showed up on time only to discover a closed sign on the door. The sign said "will return at 1", my appointment was for 12:30. Luckily instead of just waiting I decided to call and the message on the answering machine said they decided to close for the day due to weather. Thanks a lot for calling and letting me know!!! I had no problem loading up my two kids and making it there on time, so I really don't understand why they closed. It is however, in my opinion, fine to close your store... but it is absolutely not ok to not let your clients with appointments know about it! Terrible customer service at this place! I won't be back.
4, Our room on the second floor was very nice. The decor is Victorian, from the furniture to the color palette, even down to the little octagonal black and white tiles in the bathroom. There was a lovely fireplace, and the toilet tank was mounted by the ceiling with a pull chain to flush. There was a small sitting area and full sink, countertop and mini fridge, a full sized coffee maker and a small flat screen TV. The mattress was comfortable, the towels were soft and there was good water pressure in the shower. We stayed in the winter and the room was toasty warm. From our room you could hear the traffic noise, especially due to the wet roads, and the room is above a bar. From the bathroom we could hear distant voices, maybe from the bar or from an adjoining room, but it wasn't a problem. I could hear people walking in their room on third floor a couple of times. The thing that was a surprise as far as noise were the trains that went through in the wee hours of the morning. We had arrived after dark and didn't notice that a railway crossing was right outside our window one story down, and at least twice trains went by and blew their horns a few toots as they passed the intersection. We had some drinks, including complimentary ones for our stay, at the Up North, and the bartender told us we could take drinks and popcorn up to the room if we would like. The Hotel Ruby Marie was a charming stay and I would stay again if I were looking to spend some time in the area.
5, I thought everything was fantastic.  The food was incredible, the drinks were strong and remarkably tasty, and the feeling at the restaurant was just very upbeat and lively.  To begin we had wine and a bourbon based pre made cocktail. I really liked the ingenuity of the cocktail where you're given a bottle instead of having to wait for the crafting each time. We then had the tuna cones, mushroom flatbread, and the brussel sprout salad. The ahi cones had a nice kick with the sauce and the presentation was awesome. The flatbread had more of a pizza feel than your typical flatbread which I enjoyed tremendously. The brussel spirit salad was a nice side with whole pieces of bacon and apple rather than sprinkled as per usual. I like this heartier rendition better. The ambiance of the bar is really nice and the staff were great. I really wish I had a casual bar like this closer to my house on the west side. Prices are very high so it's not a weekly dining venue, but I highly recommend trying it out if you're looking for a new cocktail bar with amazing food on the strip.
1, Service is terrible. Me and my friends came on Tuesday night to order chopping board to be engraved. The lady wasn't specify the size and the place to be engraved, so a few minutes after we walked from the store, we returned and came back to give the specific detail (They really seems not to care). So the lady said it will be in large size and we agree that it's going to be engraved from left to center on the bottom left.   The next day I got a phone call 9.30am, checking the spelling of what I wrote, because another lady who was going to do the engrave for my item, cannot differentiate a "T" and "F" , even though clearly, the F will consist of 2 lines. Ok fine.   I picked up in the evening to find out that the engrave words are on the bottom center to right and it was so small. It was something not apparent and not what I was expecting, considering that I paid $66 for a chopping board. I was very disappointed. Funny thing is that the lady was persistent that she followed the order written on the note from her co-worker and then showed it to me that it clearly said "left to center". Not even a single apology, she just said "Ups" (realizing her mistake) and another lady offered me 20% coupon for my dissatisfaction for my next purchase. (I won't even come back after this). They are not trustworthy to offer an extra care of what the customer's requested and expecting.
4, Politics aside, the Trump Hotel was a very good experience. We were in town for an event at the Convention Center.   Pros: Friendliness of the staff! From check in to check out, they were unbelievably accommodating and friendly.   Amenities in the room. Full kitchen (which is the reason we booked there to begin with. A lot of places in Vegas do not have a kitchen). It had a sink, fridge, toaster, stove top, tea kettle, microwave, Keurig coffee maker, and cabinets. As a nice touch, they had Rio Blend coffee in the room. Maybe because of the 2016 Olympics coming up? Also had paper coffee cups, sweeteners, creamer cups, and stirring sticks. Due to county regulations, they are not allowed to keep plates, silverware, etc in the room but will bring them to your room if needed.   They also included an iron, ironing board, blow dryer, light up mirror, bathrobe, and plenty of fluffy towels.   The bathroom has a TV inside the mirror. Didn't use it but interesting touch. Spa tub and separate shower. Marble counters and floors. Water heated up VERY quickly.   The pillows!!! Oh the pillows! I have to find the Downrite brand online or in Macy's or something because they were divine. Beds were comfy too.   Our room even had a DOORBELL on it instead of the bellboy knocking, he rang a door bell! LOL  The AC was amazing and cooled the room quickly and kept it cool.   Very quiet. We never once heard any other guests. All the appliances in the room were quiet as well.   The elevators. Fast. Ya know how some hotels you stand there forever waiting on the elevator? Not here. I timed it. It took 13 seconds to get from the 39th floor to the lobby. Unreal.   The ice machines are in their own little rooms in the hallways so you don't have to listen to someone getting ice in the middle of the night.   It is right across from a huge mall. Lots of shops and a large food court.   Cons:  The train. Yes, you read that correctly. There was a train that ran behind the hotel where our room was facing that ran every couple of hours throughout the night and woke us up each time. As it came up to an intersection, it would blow its horn over and over. But this is where the nice staff came in handy. They were more than willing and helpful to move us to a room facing The Strip in exchange for a small extra fee because it was a room facing The Strip. We could still hear the train in the distance but not enough to wake us up. We only heard it before heading to bed.   Valet. Yes, I know that valet was supposed to be bougie and helpful, however, we found it bothersome. It's just easier to have access to our car when needed. On the other hand there was a relatively short wait time so it wasn't too bad. However, that depends on your timing. Some times of the day were very busy.   Internet. It was a bit slow. So if you are someone there on business who needs fast internet for work, this may become an issue.   Sleeper sofa. We pulled out the sleep sofa that our original room included. For a 5 star place, there should be a nicer one. It was just your run of the mill, feel every spring, mattress.   No casino. For me personally, this was not a problem but if you going to Vegas to gamble, this may be an issue for you.   Not on The Strip. The only reason this is a issue is because of the heat. If you want to go out and walk The Strip, you also have to add to that walk because you have to get from the hotel to Las Vegas Blvd. It's not too far but the heat is what does it.   I may not agree on his politics but his hotel was top notch. Would recommend.
1, So here's how my visit goes--literally like 4 mins. I need new shades and I have a AAA-membership--win win. Just need to pick them out and go, Ray Ban, ALWAYS Ray Ban. I do NOT need a prescription, just the glasses. Husband stays in car because I am gonna be that quick. Walk in, male associate is on work phone, I walk strait to the women's sun glasses. Try on a pair. Try on another pair. Older female associate walks in from her smoke break--literally smoking outside the glass as I try on the first pair--and says, "Have you been helped, we are closing in 15 mins..." and continues to walk to the other side of the store. My husband walks in at the same time and asks, "Did you find any?  Have you been helped?"  And my response is "NO!"  I understand that you are going to close in 15 mins. And that you have lives to live. However, I am a customer, in the establishment that pays you to sell their product. And today, you did a VERY BAD job. We walked out.  The female associate went and straitened the one glasses that I didn't face--and then spoke disgruntling to the other associate. Wow!!  I know it's only one sale for a large corporation, and my meager $200 doesn't matter. But today was BAD!!    3.25.18 4:40 pm 7700 W. Arrowhead Glendale, Az
1, So I decided I will try then once again, and they prove again why I should continue to refuse going there.  I checked in and was told to pick out my gel color, then Casey told me it would be 10-15 minutes, which I was ok with.  About 10 min later another girl walked up and told me to pick out my color, which I had already done, then she walked me back to an empty station next to Cindy, who was doing another girls gel manicure.  I was given no other instruction but to sit.  As I sat there and watched Cindy do this girls nails, I noticed she started trying to hurry, which led me to believe that she was trying to hurry so she could do mine next.  Which to me is not ok, first don't sit me down at an empty station to wait and make the tech feel rushed and also make the customer feel uncomfortable that I'm just sitting their .  After another 10-15 minutes and knowing how long gel takes, I got up and said "I'll just come back tomorrow" which just to be clear, I will not be returning tomorrow, or any day after that.
1, I don't why there are 3 seperate review posts in yelp for this very same location. I have chosen the one with the most reviews.  I brought my newly bought BMW 2009 328i to this place. I shouldn't have. My odyesy lasted two days. I had a dealine because the car will be shipped to Europe and I was to leave on the second day the car was at Napa.   Day one part for my car did not arrive on time. Day 2, Steve the location manager went himself in the morning of day 2 to get the headgasket. The guys are friendly and trying hard, but seems like they are not good in handling imports. After the headgasket component was installed they basically couldn't set up the factory settings. So I had to call a tow truck and ship it to my dealer, who will be taking care of completing the last step. Still at this moment I don't know how much on top of my 1145$ !!! repair bill will be add up. To be fair they send me a 100$ voucher, for which I will have no use.   Stay clear of these type of big chain places, which apparently can only handle certain brands/ years. I was under time pressure. Otherwise I would have found a BMW specialist.
4, noms.noms.noms.  I think I started another review like this already, but really -- I stopped in here because the hubs and I were checking out of the Golden Nugget, and it's right past one of their checkin/out desks.  Looks super fancy.  I thought everything would be crazy pricey (super cute + Vegas = $$$ to me), but surprisingly, their ginormous cupcakes were just $3!! And their chocolate-dipped macaroons (or sans-chocolate, same price) were ... shoot, incredibly affordable is all I remember.  AND, it's not like these macaroons were *just* dipped in chocolate either -- I saved these as a treat for myself, rather than sharing them with my friends who were celebrating the big 3-0 (I'm a fab friend, what can I say), and it was like a truffle was stuck to the bottom of those macaroons, talk about a delightful surprise!  Honestly, I don't have much experience with macaroons other than visual, but the softness and coconuttiness (not too much) were very appealing.  And back to those cupcakes -- huge.  Delicious. I got one red velvet for one friend, who shared a bite with me -- moist, tasty, cream cheese frosting was perfect.  I carted around the other two cupcakes for the rest of the trip, and only got to sample the chocolate-chocolate -- also delish.    Nutshell: if you're nearby (ie, downtown), worth the stop.  Would I make a special trip downtown just for these? Despite the 4 stars, I can't in all honesty recommend the hassle it is to get downtown if you're staying on the Strip for a short time.  But come on, who doesn't love downtown anyway :)?  So make it a combo trip, and you'll be a winner.
5, Out of all the places we ate in Vegas, this stood out as the best value by far.  Not that it was cheap -- no, no -- but we really felt that we got our money's worth here.  Most Vegas joints are ridiculously overpriced and serve food that, while good, isn't nearly reflective of the benjamins you lay down.  (Look, I'm street!)  So we started with the bone marrow and the pâté.  Oh, bone marrow, where have you been all my life when you could have been clogging my arteries?  The waiter (Michael, who was AWESOME) showed me how to smear it on my bread.  Yum.  The pâté was tasty -- but eclipsed by the marrow.  I had a Sazerac and my wife had a Moscow Mule to accompany -- both top notch jobs by the bartender.  The main courses -- a Lamb sirloin for the lady, and a kilo of mussels and truffle frites for me.  Both were amazing, fantastic, to die for good.  The mussels were steamed in wine, mustard, and garlic with some ham thrown in for good measure.  The frites were served in a cone that had some decidedly non-Euclidean properties to it -- no matter how many we ate, there were still more in the cone.  Listen to the wait staff on the wine and/or beer pairings.  You're welcome.  We didn't eat dessert.  Because we were full to bursting on the rest.  The portions are generous, so go hungry.  Five stars, no reservations.
4, Solid 4 stars.  We have been twice.  The first visit was a little bumpy; however they had just opened a few days before so it was expected to have some rough spots. The food was on pointe and their craft  beer game was solid during the first visit, so we decided to give them another go round.  Service was way better (since it was a Tuesday and kind of slow, our waiter was very attentive).  Again, the food (for the most part) was ah-mazing.  Beer selection has a good rotation.  I was sad they didn't have the witbier from last week, however the PB Porter from Peoria Artisan was a welcome addition.    Pros: -PB&J Burger (I swear, try it ala mode - it's soooo good! They must think I'm a weirdo though.  Our waitress said the kitchen staff was confused by my request ) -The fried chicken - enough to feed 2 people and the best we've had! -The sloppy corn bread- divine - The Divolono (sp?) Pizza - spicy with a hint of honey sweetness -CRAFT BEER!!!!  Cons: -The pretzels - 3 small pretzel "sticks" - maybe 4 would be a better number and they just seemed very small.  Both of our orders also were cold.  -Our side of fries came in a large dish, but there were so few that it looked like we got someone's leftovers.  They were hot though, and my 6 year old seemed to like them    All in all, we will definitely be back.  Maybe not with our littles (they get bored easily).  A wonderful start and I can't wait to see State 48 become a solid 5 star rating! (We also can't wait to try their beers in a few weeks!)
3, We came here for all-you-can-eat tapas with a $40 dining credit from the hotel. First off-pulled pork sliders. Ew. Soooo nasty. I've tasted awesome barbecue (Lucille's) and this does not compare in the slightest.   Next was the bruschetta. It was pretty good-the bread was nicely toasted with garlic right in it and the tomatoes and basil mixture was good as well. But the plate was really large and it filled me up fast.  Finally, the spicy chicken sandwiches. I ordered the sauces on the side (because I'm really picky and don't like many sauces) so I can't speak for those however the sandwiches were good with some lettuce and tomato. The chicken breast was nice and crispy.  My fiance had the three way salad. He said "one of them had old, wilty, red lettuce".  Second was the corn dog which were "greasy but decent".  Finally, the chicken and waffles. He didn't like it and thought it tasted like microwaved chicken wings with syrup and waffle fries thrown on top.  To say the least, we were both glad it was free. The Diet Pepsi was good!
1, Just got a haircut from here, showed a picture of Jensen Ackles as a reference for my hairstyle, my stylist was extremely rude and purposefully cut the top of my hair using a size 1 clipper (which is basically bald) because she was impatient with the fact that I was being picky about how I wanted my haircut. At no point in time was I rude, so this isn't a spite induced attack at the store, the store manager even agreed with me. But in all honesty I'm extremely infuriated because it seemed like the stylist (some Philipina woman) was out to spite ME for being picky like I dont have the right to be about my own hair. Xis is my usual stylist and does a fantastic job you should definitely go to this location for his quality haircuts and the others, but that one particular stylist should never be apart of anything customer service related whatsoever due to her impatience, lack for empathy, and unaccountabilty of her actions. Now I'll have to wait a good month or two before even considering to style my hair the way I want it. Thanks Great Clips
2, I'm a big lover of dim sum and have been since I was a very young child back when no one even knew what dim sum was.  I've eaten dim sum around the world.  Kwan's food is good but after having gone there a dozen times and repeatedly having the same bad experience in terms of customer service, I'm so turned off.  While there is an abundance of wait staff, it is impossible to get anyone's attention once seated, to even put in your order or ask for anything else.  No one has clearly ever stressed to the staff the importance of being attentive, welcoming and polite, either.  And while their prices are not through the roof, they aren't exactly a bargain either.  $18 for Chinese broccoli with ginger??!!  Given that they price some dishes so ridiculously high, one would think they would bring them pronto so that the diner doesn't have enough time to brood over or process just how expensive the dish actually is. There are other options for high end dim sums, Lai Wah Heen being one and Crown Princess on Bay being another.  The latter is fancier, has a more extensive and exotic menu and is more affordable than Kwan.  More importantly, their staff is phenomenal.  I'd make the trek there rather than to Kwan's.  The extra travel time is less than the amount of time I've waited at Kwan's for impolite service.
2, Close to home so we wanted to give it a try. Ordered a couple rolls (no avocado), tamago and a beef bento box. They made the rolls with avocado so they had to remake it. I felt bad but I asked them for no avocado when I ordered because I'm allergic. Also, the spicy tuna roll was not spicy but lukewarm.   Dined at the bar and one of the chefs were right in front of us the whole time...he wasn't even the one that took our order or made the sushi. It was really awkward because only 4 of 8 bar seats were taken with guests and he was just standing there watching us eat. Ah, so weird. There must be something else you could be doing...  The bento came out and the beef was good. They forgot to bring out the rice and when they did it was a little on the dry side. The waiters reached across and in between the two of us throughout the meal. Just may be inexperience. There wasn't any consistency in service either. Check took forever to get. There were a total of 6 guests in the whole restaurant.   Overall, the service was interesting. I'm no food expert but the food is okay and I left feeling uncomfortable and awkward. Oh, it's probably from the chef watching us eat the whole time.
4, This place took over Beijing Noodle & I'm glad! I am sad to see a local spot gone but the family that owns this place is cute. I feel like they just opened a place to serve food they make at home. They claim to be a Vietnamese and Chinese spot but I didn't see much Chinese except for the fried rices.  It has a typical Vietnamese menu minus the curries. I did however see they offered a beef stew with bread yum.  Basically the food was good, the place was clean, and the service was polite. They could do to stop by the tables more often except to drop food off but I enjoyed all of the staff I encountered. Very sweet and friendly.   We tried their combo pho $8x 2, a ban mi dac biet $3 and some change, and their spring rolls $3. All came out to $24 and some change. We were stuffed. It was a bargain IMO.  I really liked their sandwich. Their bread was hot, fresh, and crunchy. I've never had one like that. I want to say they didn't put the patte part. I have to say I didn't miss it, and I've been eating those sandwiches since my childhood. At first it looked like they skimped on meat but it was perfect. I loved it.  Their pho was good. It was a good size with a large amount of meat. The broth was good, the noodles were cooked just right, and it was served super hot. The bowl looked below average in size but it was just the right amount. I finished the whole bowl and the broth.   Their spring rolls were good. The dipping sauce was good. I enjoyed them.   I have to say for a newer place I thought they did a great job. If they are reading and I could help them improve I'd say to offer straws for their water, get a napkin dispenser for the table if they don't plan to walk by too much, and lastly take their service to the next level.   Overall I do plan on returning soon. In comparison to a Pho Kim Long, Pho Saigon, or Pho So 1 it is just as good but with the friendly staff you won't find in China Town.  Check them out!
2, grape leaves were the tiniest we've ever eaten!  About the size of a cocktail frank, and about as remarkable.  The lemon piece served with them was dried out. The hummus, though tasty, was VERY thick!  Almost like cutting into a soft cheese - not spreadable.  We asked for some oil to add to it and felt that that was really a just so-so solution.  I doubt seriously that it was freshly made - thinking it had been sitting around for a while.   Our pastitsio was ok - not very hot when served though, my guess is that it was microwaved.  Our pasta (ziti)  was the worst we've had in a restaurant ever - in that it was SO overdone.  Normally, if a dish isn't perfect , we will not ask for a replacement, but this was luke warm and SO mushy and starchy and tasteless. The server explained something that I really didn't want to know - that the pasta is precooked at the beginning of the day and then reheated ! - not cooked to order.  Our server was accomodating, but the whole experience was much less than wonderful.  While we expect ethnic music in an ethnic restaurant, theirs was so loud that after a couple times around the play list we were really quite ready to leave and had our 2nd plate of ziti (only slightly less mushy) packaged to go.  a big disappointment - glad we had a groupon.  BUT - it turns out that our server's insistance that the groupon required us to order two entrees (rather than the mix of soup/salad and one entree we'd planned to order) was NOT true. We didn't have the groupon with us - only on my phone and I didn't look closely at it until I got home and looked at it more closely on my lap  top. SO that less than hot, overdone ziti was the dish that we actually didn't plan to order - but we had to, and that pushed our lunch order over the $30 limit of the groupon -- just an overall bad lunch experience - after a previous lunch there which was much better.
5, Dear Cuttlefish,    I am sorry we got off on the wrong foot... I was all wrong about you! I am so happy that I decided to give you a second chance, and you beyond redeemed yourself! If you read my first review I didn't have such a stellar experience, It wasn't bad per say but it wasn't what I was expecting! So, I was hoping that the second time around would be better and it was!  This time around we went and ordered another bottle of my now favorite wine Sexual Chocolate, it's a Syrah - Zinfandel blend and it's frankly to die for. The bottle runs around $65.00 and they offer it by the glass as well at I believe $16.00.  This go around we decided to order an assortment of their appetizers, and I was frankly blown away by nearly all of them. The only one I wouldn't order again would be the Spicy Tuna Pops. The tuna itself was amazing, super fresh and really flavorful. The waffle cone that it arrived in didn't exactly compliment the fish.   Other items that we ordered and LOVED were the dozen oysters, we got an assortment of the oysters they had that particular day and they were fresh and this time around there wasn't a trace of shell in any of the oysters! WOOHOO!  The Crispy Cuttlefish was one of my fav items that evening - The only way to describe it is that it is very similar to calamari but frankly it's better than calamari. It doesn't have that rubbery texture to it and it was fried to perfection and the lemon aioli was the perfect compliment to it.   Cuttlefish's take on a wedge salad is what dreams are made of! I love wedge salads but I usually am not a huge fan of the iceberg lettuce since it really has zero taste or nutritional value to it. The bibb lettuce was a welcome change of pace and the crispy pancetta, and avocado was a nice  addition.   The pork  belly, the Carlsbad Mussels, Shrimp and grits I could just go on and on! Had the opportunity to meet Joey one of the owners who was very friendly, and I was really impressed when I learned that he actually cooks in the kitchen there. I love that he is a hands on owner and it shows that he has a real investment in the establishment!   Def worth checking out if your in the mood for some fabulous seafood, and if you love oysters and champagne Wednesday's are 1/2 priced oysters and champagne nights and they had some great live music!
5, This is our 1st time at any of the Mastro's restaurants.  We have family & friends in the Vegas area who recommended & accompanied this as a truly upscale & 4-to-5 star dining experience.  They were correct!    Upon being seated practically in the center of their 60 ft teak or mahogany simulated Treehouse, we asked the very crisply uniformed Captain to recommend the appetizers.  He had us create our own "Seafood Tower" and we chose crab claws, shrimp, oysters & calamari... delish!  The Lobster Bisque, Clam Chowder & Iceberg Wedge were next.  The five of us then shared a Filet, Chilean Sea Bass, Atlantic Salmon & Scallops with Garlic Mashed Potatoes.  Our Captain went over and above as he assisted us in choose the appropriate wine to pair with our culinary choices.  Now.. we would come back for all of this goodness, but the Mastro's Butter Cake is one of a kind and is worth the whole meal or just to drop in for dessert after shopping.    Needless to say & in keeping with my "positively outrageously" great dining recommendations, you have to enjoy Mastro's if you're in Vegas!
4, This hotel is right behind Planet Hollywood and used to part of Planet Hollywood before Hilton took over. We chose to forgo the $15 valet and self parked but it was a pain because the garage was packed and the walk to the hotel took a good 7+minutes. The front desk workers were friendly and checked us in quickly. I got the 1 king bed suite. It was extremely spacious and modern. The bed was large and comfortable. Flat screen tvs in the living room, bed room and bathroom were pretty cool. There was a fantastic view of Vegas from the room. There was a small kitchen plus a hot tub! The wall insulation was perfect because we didn't hear any noise from our neighbors.   The negatives are the $15 valet service, $10 wifi fee,check out time is 10am and they wouldn't give us a late checkout, but the most annoying thing were the thick, pillows that were extremely uncomfortable. It took me a long time both nights to get in a comfortable position. So bring your own pillows.  Overall, I would stay here again because the rates are very cheap for the accommodations you get.
5, Visiting Phoenix from Central Pennsylvania. Saw an advertisement in a travel magazine, was initially skeptical. Menu online looked good, plenty of gluten free selections for my wife (easy to read, well labeled). Made a reservation online, noted that one party had a gluten allergy. Arrived early, friendly staff who graciously accepted us early (we arrived about 15-20 minutes early). Did not pawn us off on the bar, but instead asked if we wanted to sit inside or out. We picked inside. Outside had nice variety of tables and a nice open fire, great "foody" smell that really drew you in. Once seated, team member came over with glasses and poured water for us. Menu was great, server came over and noted the allergy and went through the menu with my with my wife and discussed substitution options. Great drink menu, good selection. Great timing of appetizers and entrees. My wife had the salmon rillettes, which were absolutely delicious. She also had the cast iron petite chicken (with mashed potatoes instead of the stuffing). Great presentation, chicken cooked perfectly, great flavors. Best mashed potatoes that I have ever had in a restaurant. I had the beckett's table signature fork tender short ribs. Also got a side of the wood oven roasted bacon biscuit stuffing. All I can say is WOW... Truly fork tender, and truly awesome. I love stuffing, sad but true. This was the best stuffing that I have ever had. Presentation was perfect, stuffing side came in a small cast iron dish. Nice little aside, there are pig figurines throughout the restaurant. When asked, learned that folks have been ending them since they opened. Awesome little thing that is fun to check out all around the restaurant. I would definitely recommend, and hope to make it back sooner rather than later!
5, Hefty! Hefty! Hefty! Portions that is.  If you're looking for yummy, cheap food in massive quantities, look no further. Mickies is the place to be.  The pancakes are monstrous!! But they are truthfully delicious. In fact I've been engaging in a scandalous love affair with their chocolate chip pancakes...(and sometimes, though less often, their strawberry pancake)...for the past few months. The relationship is a tough one that's cost me normal blood sugar levels and more importantly, friendships. Eating off the plate of my dear comrades who had themselves ordered the pancake has ultimately led to bitter disputes that never end smoothly. Ah well, the contentment I extract from each forkful of syrup-drenched, melty-chocolate-chip-covered pancake makes up for all the troubles.   On a more savory note, the corned beef hash is also quite fantastic. Get it alongside 2 sunny up eggs and rye toast and badda-bing, badda-bomb, you've got one killer breakfast for yourself.   One of my other go-to orders is the steak and eggs with hash browns and onions. Wowza! Now I know I wasn't exactly around in the '50s or nothin, but talk about old school diner food done wayyyy right.    Basically, Mickies nails it all. Everything they serve up has got yum written all over it. Be here or be square.
1, I booked a FREE OFFER King non-smoking room about 2 months ago. We arrived today at 3pm and were told by the front desk that our room was not ready yet and go come back at 4pm. I asked what time check in is and she said 2pm. She said they were sold out last night and the maids weren't finished cleaning the rooms. So we hung around and went back to the front desk at 4pm. She told us the rooms still weren't ready and to come back at 4:30pm and that the rooms should be done by 5pm. We go back at 4:30 and after waiting around still another 10 mins, we got our room key. We go up to the room and it's a double queen room. We go back down and tell them we booked a king and they said they don't have King rooms because they oversold them and a queen is the only room they have for us. We were furious and asked how could they give away King rooms that we had already booked???!! She said to come back and talk to management in the morning. So we will.   So in addition to all that, our toilet doesn't flush and runs constantly. The beds feel like cardboard. Then the noise outside is insanely loud!!! It's 12pm and the music is still thumping. This is crap even if it's free!!! I'd rather pay money for quality! No wonder they beg people to come back!!! We'll never stay here again.
4, I had dish network for years and happy with them.   Till I need Internet service, I switched to Earth Link that was supplied by Road Runners eventually Time Warner's Cable.  Thanks for clarify that is not same as Time Warners Bro. I need to calm myself down every time to call Time Warner Cable's service especially talking about their price and billin.  The worst I've come across in the country. I live in east and west coast.  I suffered  many times before I say it.  Besides, it takes us time to write this. TWC, or Road Runners ( they were the same ) was the supplier of cable internet for Earth Link (I was told later) when I called for connection problem.  TWC convinced me to change  from Earth Link to TWC.  I refused the first year for TWC's bad  business integrity.  Few years later, I had no choice as the price went up again.  So I switched to TWC. The second year, it went up that understood, after promotion.  To save trouble of payment, I set up auto- pay, this year it went up again.  I called to understand the reason.  Their customer service was so rude with a prima donna attitude.  She even insulted me over the phone as I didn't want all the services. Since I stayed for a week of less each month, it's unjustified for me to pay close to $100.  I simply kept my expenses but the service reduced to 1/10 of the speed that I had.  I'm looking for another provider if there is.  For all these years, I've seen more adverse comments than favorable comments to TWC.  Most business respect prestige customers or those stay with them for years. But not TWC.  They believe customers can't live without them in Charlotte.  That's why I've seen salesmen knocking at our doors every season like the 50s to look for new customers. I'm sure if TWC's upper management can make a change to their customer services or change their prima donna attitude, I'm sure they will not loss customers. Anyway, sorry for my long comments.  I still like Dish Network, perhaps, I will go back to put my dish up.
1, worst experience I've ever had with dr. Torres I found out I was pregnant in July  but ended up  having a miscarriage in September . few appointments that I had with him he was very cold shouldered and I didn't feel he was really listening to what I had to say about my pregnancy that far. apparently after my 1st blood tests my estrogen was low so he prescribed me Progesterone 100 milligrams once a day. things didn't work out so come end of September I ended up scheduling a D&C. at that appointment he expressed that I probably have an estrogen issue since this was my 2nd miscarriage. He didn't know that by now????? smh...already frustrated with this location & this doc I was told I had to get went a follow-up. I did & he didn't even check me (didn't undress), he only asked me a few questions anything wrong, if I was trying to get pregnant again right away, if I want birth control pills and that was prety much the end of the visit. This doc didn't seem to care about my well being and didn't care enough to take better precautions with my blood results. oh & while he was asking me questions before my surgery he answered a personal call in front of me...he was talking about his hurt hip, a trip aka vacation, that he feels better now & he got rest... then slowly walked out of my room. horrible!!! the waiting time for this location is 2hrs plus. I would not go to this location!!!!!
4, Hidden gem of a restaurant that you would definitely pass by if not for a local Yelper (Bozan) who has inside knowledge of how amazing the specialty beef noodle soup is here. Really it sure is outstanding for Taiwanese beef noodle soup. The broth is wonderfully rich in flavour. So rich yet not salty and a great mix of tender fall off the bone meat plus Shanghai bok chop with a chewy noodle. If you are into pho you must try this soup as its different yet flavour is out of this world!  A bowl of soup on a cold fall-winter day is an amazing way to warm up the body. They also offer a hot chilli sauce to zip it up another notch if spicy is to your liking.   The restaurant is simple yet decor is clean and comfortable. The husband and wife team do also special Taiwanese cookies which we got to sample the pineapple filled ones which were a pleasant finish to a big bowl of soup.   Service was friendly and we were the only ones in the restaurant on the visit so we had more personal explanations of their culture with some jokes thrown in.  Price wise it's extremely inexpensive at around $10 a bowl. The crew that came left with full tummies and content satisfaction. The menu is small but you can sense they care to serve you their home cooking plus dedication to delivering a top notch meal! I haven't found many places in MTL that specilaze in Taiwanese food. There is not a huge offering on the menu as they have mainly Chinese dishes plus some Sushi but the soup is out of this world!  I'm definitely coming back to sample more dishes of the menu specifically speaking their stir fry's.
5, Phenomenal company! I had a plumbing disaster in my home that resulted in an insurance claim and a ton of work restoring my home. I couldn't have been happier with my insurance company's preferred vendor which is of course VBS. They were really the only people I trusted in the entire process. That was huge to me. On top of that, they also did some absolutely fine work. As anyone that's restored a home knows, the process is long and can be arduous with a ton of emotional investment because it is your home. The professionals with VBS are patient and understanding. They work closely with you, and you never leave a conversation feeling uncomfortable. They also only hire top employees. Not only did I trust everyone wearing a VBS shirt - I really ended up liking each one of them. And finally, my wife is a perfectionist. Their work pleased her which is close to impossible! And she wants to hire the same crew to comeback and help with future projects. I have absolutely no recommendations on how VBS can improve because they are top notch.
3, I love the SLS hotel in general, so it was exciting to know they were going to open one in Vegas. We came here for a friends birthday to enjoy listening to Steve Angello pool side - the only way to take in Vegas if you ask me. I loved the layout of the pool and thought it was really well done.   It was rather cold that day for the pool, but that wouldn't stop us from seeing Steve! The pool was quieter than most other pool parties I've been to in the past. Unfortunately Steve Angello never made his appearance like we hoped for and paid for. I was pretty disappointed given how much we paid to have a table there and how excited we were to see him. There was not apology given to us by the staff or hotel to try and make good on a concert we specifically paid for. I was pretty disappointed in the Vegas attitude.   While I did appreciate the company and the music, I think it was pretty cheap of them to charge us the same price for a headline DJ when no headline DJ made an appearance. You disappointed me Foxtail and I'm not sure I really want to be duped by you in the future.
4, Biscuits is a great breakfast/lunch place. Be prepared to wait on Sat/Sun mornings but it' always been worth it. Friendly but busy staff, free coffee while you wait and they always say they are sorry for making you wait.    The decor is back home country. Reminds me of my grandma's kitchen.   The food is good, and a huge plus for having chicken fried chicken for breakfast, that means no more having to go to nasty cracker barrel for it!    I love the country gravy, love the chicken fried chicken. The grits seem pre-sweetened and I can see how people might not like that, myself I am all good with that. Now the one downer is the Biscuits, I am not a huge fan, they are huge and heavy. I myself like the lighter ones.   I've had breakfast and lunch items both there and all have been lovely. My best friend swears by the corned beef hash, he orders it as an add on to everything and anything he gets there.   You can eat and get beyond full for two for about 20 bucks and that is a huge plus for me.   The only bad thing we ever got there was a cinnamon roll for my son. He said it was nasty and couldn't get past one bite, he said it tasted like a hard roll with some funky icing.  I have never myself tried it but it didn't look that good honestly. But hey, if that is the only minus for them I am ok with that!  I would totally suggest getting over here and give them a try, they are also open late on Friday and Sat's for fish frys!
5, After having not much luck with my dining options during the entire week, I hit jackpot at Casa Imperial on Saturday for lunch. Casa Imperial is a fine Hong Kong style Dim Sum restaurant in Scarborough. The decor is traditional and you will find large chandeliers, lots of mirrors, large round tables and beautiful table cloths. It is a beautiful house and is frequented mostly by Chinese families. The service was attentive and they speak English, Mandarin, and Cantonese.   We ordered 7 dishes for 3 people and I think we ordered too much food. It was a feast! The quality of their dumplings is stellar. I was eating and feeling grateful for that experience. It was not my first time at Casa Imperial but it was another fantastic experience. I would recommend anyone to try this restaurant.  We ordered seafood dumplings with spinach, veggie dumplings with thread moss, meat dumpling with crab meat Shanghai style, snowpea leaf and king mushroom dumpling, cuttlefish tentacle with salted spicy,  fried tofu, steamed noodle roll with snowpea leaf and preserved pickle, and fish noodles with mushrooms. My favorite dishes were the seafood dumplings with spinach and the fish noodles with mushrooms. Mind you that the fish noodles were not in their menu. It was a special on that day.  They currently have an anniversary menu for 10 people for 490$. I think is worth the try!  Anyway, I cannot say enough thanks to Casa Imperial for providing the best Dim Sum experience in GTA!
5, Well done! I love a good store with a niche, and this one has it all! It's fun, it has a great design and the merchandise is more than the average! The colors of the decor, signage and displays is playful and whimsical. The candies and novelties are awesome and the mix of old and new are perfect!   I stumbled upon Smeeks on Yelp, just before a New Year's trip to Phoenix. Traveling with a toddler, you have to be able to find the fun for them too. New Year's was quite different with a little one, so we chose to road trip to AZ and see what there was waiting for us there. I looked up stores, since I am a retail junkie. I have worked in specialty retail for over 20 years (not giving away my age too much) and this little gem was a good find!   Smeeks has old-fashioned candies, sodas and many novelties to share with kids of any age! I loved it! They host birthday parties, offer party favor options that are out of the norm and they even have a photo booth in the store! It's a fun and exciting shop! Check it out if you haven't been! There are also two other cool stores next door. Frances is a women's men's and children's store that carries shoes, jewelry, bath and body products, gifts, toys and clothing. It is owned by the same owner as Smeeks and it is also a great store! Stinkweed's is next door too. It's a record store with a lot of soul!
1, I encountered a situation where the elderly couple we were eating with shared a few pieces of shrimp after one of them ordered the steak and unlimited shrimp option. OK that was our bad,  we told them that they couldn't do that and they stopped. We ordered another round of shrimp and the manager decided to come over to our table and instead of politely notifying us that there is no sharing, it seemed like she wanted to announce it to the other tables around us and remind us that it says that on the menu. We offered to pay for a side of shrimp if it was an issue,  but the manager just said it was OK and walked away... The conversation between the manager and the elderly man after that was not professional and was indicative of someone who did not have enough training to diffuse a guest situation.   Side note: if you and any other party members order their all you can eat shrimp option you still can't share. I made sure to clearly ask the server this question to be sure there was no misunderstanding.   This rating is not because of the "no sharing" rule, I now take issue with the Outback Steakhouse slogan. The food was decent, but the situation should have been handled better. I have had ample customer and guest service training to know that much. I believe more training is necessary for both management and staff.   The experience was bad enough to negate anything positive about the food. I will not be returning and cannot recommend this establishment to anyone.
1, What a horrible unorganized, unprofessional and very slow business! Took my Truck to get paint fix that was falling off that I got done here. I had warranty so I took it back. They said it would be ready buy that Friday I took it a Monday called Friday it wasn't done I has to go out of town so the owner said it's ok we can leave it her until you come back. Came back a Tuesday 6l8 days later went to pick up my truck wasn't ready wait until that Friday called him no answer so I went and he shows me my truck with a different color paint and said if I wanted to take it like that I could? ???  Is that a serious response so I didn't take it he ruined it he fixes it. He said well come next Friday 3 WEEKS LATER on little paint job on a door turned into 3 almost a month. Then my truck passenger blinking light is out, Why? And my inside lights where moved why? There is no reason to have to be inside my truck to paint other then to move it. Then I had just pump gas full tank, I now have a no gas. I do not trust these guys I feel they took my Truck on a joy ride and don't even clean off the mess I have paint splashes all over the truck and the owner still has the balls to say "I'll let you wash that" what the F
2, I read several reviews and noticed a pattern, the highest reviews  came from those with a nostalgic history with this valley institution. Having lived in the valley for most of my life I appreciate the sentimentality.    BUT!  It is important to separate nostalgia from reality, especially when others rely on your opinion when making dinner plans.  I've lived in the Valley for a good long time- more than 40 years.  I've been to Jordan's more times than I can count.    As a child, this was one of many local Mexican food restaurants we visited- others being El Maya, Don Jose's, Rosa's, Rosita's, George's Ole, and others.  As an adult, part of my enjoyment was the old-fashioned, retro atmosphere- the genuine Naugahyde seats, dark wrought iron, old-school environment.  I was even OK with the smooth taco sauce in lieu of chopped and chunky salsa.  I tend to stick with the old-school combo plate- taco, enchilada, tostada type combos when I visit.  My last two visits have occurred in the last year- most recently in November.  The experiences were almost identical- disappointing.  It was as if someone in the kitchen had just given up.  The taco meat was not really seasoned, very bland, and the shell tasted as if they went and picked up a package at the grocery instead of making their own.  The enchilada was rather oily.  Food was warm, not hot.  Service was friendly but scarce- my drink sat empty more than once.  The visit in November is likely my last.  I drive by this location at least 3 times a week, and remember wistfully the days when the the food was piping hot, shredded beef well seasoned and the entire taco fresh out of the cooker- crispy and delicious.   There are too many good Mexican food places in town, and even for the memories that walking into this places conjures up, I cannot see myself coming back anytime soon.  I'll keep my eyes open for an upturn in Yelp reviews, particularly from those who are trying it for the first time.  As another reviewer said- be forewarned.  You run a great risk of being disappointed.
2, I honestly don't understand what the rave is about.  The evening started out well enough - we didn't realize we'd need a reservation but was able to sit at one of the high tops near the bar.  The table was wobbly, but the server (busboy?) immediately got down on his knees and readjusted the ends for us.  We started out with the cheddar bites.  They were mini, dense and rather not great.  Its almost like a failure attempt at recreating Red Lobster's cheddar biscuits.  The shrimp and grits were decent, but a far cry from NOLA.  The meat and potatoes were decent, but really average if that.  The duck fat fries were actually pretty good and the only thing we all agreed was tasty.  Too bad the waiter took it away before we were done while talking to another server so we couldn't even protest.  The reasons for the 2 stars - the dishes are creative, the menu is mysterious (which is good and bad), and there was such hope there.  These were the kinds of dishes that you might see on Master Chef or Hell's Kitchen.  But they wouldn't be winners by any means.    The place is kept COLD.  We were near the vents, but still, by the time our food reached our table, they were lukewarm at best.  All in all, the service was inconsistent and the food is mediocre at best.  At such high prices, I'm not sure this will get them a revisit from me.
5, Is it too late to sign up for the Crazy Lakes run? Because all these extra calories need to go somewhere!  My friend and I both ordered the all-you-can-eat fish fry for $15. The price is a little steep for what basically is fish and chips, and after ordering, we realized that we should have probably ordered only ONE all-you-can-eat to split and ordered another salad/side...but I guess there's always next time, because i KNOW i will be back for their fish fry Fridays...sometime in the way, way future when my body has finally finished detoxing/processing all of the oils I just consumed..  The fish fry came served on a bed of thick cut french fries, with a side of curry slaw and some sort of marbled rye bread.  The fish was well cooked - flakey and tender - and I thought the beer batter added the perfect crunch to the filets. YUM! The tartar sauce that came with the fish was  delicious as well!  Although the fries were amazing piping-hot, as they started to cool down, they started to taste kind of bland... but no matter, the 5 stars go entirely to the fish fry. DELISH. Madisonfishfry.com, you've got to add Brocach to your top 10!
3, This place is interesting....in both a good way and a bad way.   Diana's is Diana's - they have really good seafood. Now what they do with their seafood is sort of a hit or miss.  Overall, it's meant to be a greek restaurant style, but it's more so greek food for the Asian demographic.   Overall, my general impression is that the chef doesn't quite get the delicacy of the seafood is working with yet cooks it to perfection. The scallops in pesto - over powering and the oil tastes stale. The octopus - grilled perfectly but the tabuleh and humus and pomegranate - too much and not well done. The tuna - served on seaweed salad....doesn't fit on the same plate as pickerel with sweet mash....very confusing and very strong flavours.  But what they do right are the classics. Great deal on Oysters - though i found the shucking to be a little poor - but when you're paying essentially $1.50 a shuck, you accept that.  The lavraki however - now this is the star of their menu. It's exceptional. No confusion - classic greek prepartion - the gril, some salt, some lemon and olive oil. The protein sings and the grill accents.   My honest recommendation - just go for some oysters and lavraki and you'll have an excellent night. The rest is just confusing fluff.
5, We were in Las Vegas for a few days, and ran into this small (but expanding to next door, according to the owner) furniture store in a nice shopping area. The first thing caught our eyes was a king size mattress set for $200. It is firm, just the way we like it, & looks luxurious. We lay on it, it feels great. Similar sets at department stores would cost over $800 or $900 even on sale. Next is a leather sofa set. Nice and soft leather. Good workmanship. I forget how much it is, but very inexpensive as I remember commending on it. The rest of the store has some good quality furniture at unbelievable prices as far as we can tell. Many more choices are in several catalogs. The owner Juan Carlos was very nice to talk to, fluent in both English and Spanish. We didn't buy anything that day since we were not prepared to buy, but will certainly return for something. It looks like a family own business. Juan Carlos promised to give us a good deal when we are ready to purchase. Also, he says he will beat others by a major (don't want to commit him here) percentage. Will see. But just looking around we got a good feel at this place.
3, After my wedding reception, I have to take a star away from my previous review of Metcalfe's.   For our cocktail hour, I chose Metcalfe's to provide some appetizer trays as they were on my venue's preferred caterer list and I had experience of their quality product. It was definitely a bit more than I'd usually pay for trays of meats, cheeses, and the like, but I chalked this up to a wedding expense and didn't think much of it.  Come the day of the wedding, I was happy hitched and getting photos taken when I get a call "Hi, this is SoAndSo from Metcalfe's and I have a delivery." "Yes," I say. "I'm the bride and I'm not there. There are 2 planners on site as well as venue staff." "But I'm at the back door and no one is here. I have a delivery," says Metcalfe's dude. "I'm not there! I've just gotten married. I'm having my pictures taken. Please just go knock on the front door. There are a bunch of people who can help you." "Yeah, I went to the front door, but it says {the venue} is closed for a private event." *FACEPALM* Now I was annoyed. "YES! And YOU ARE BRINGING THE APPETIZERS!" I then just snapped a bit and told him to sort it out and that I wasn't to be bothered.  Later (perhaps 20-30 minutes later) we parked our car at the venue for more photo taking and the delivery van from Metcalfe's was just leaving. I got a dirty look.  When I later spoke to the person managing the venue for our reception, he had a laughable mention about the delivery guy as well. Clearly the dude was not a people person and very confused about how to deliver to an event (as opposed to a person's house, etc.).  The food was good, but didn't have labels as to what it was. I'd asked about this and was told it would have. So our very expensive platter of Wisconsin artisanal cheeses and dried fruits and such didn't get eaten as much as it might have. That thing was *not* inexpensive. I was a bit miffed.   All in all, the appetizers from Metcalfe's were delicious. But the service was ridiculous.
2, Heed the negative reviews.  This restaurant can be summed up in two words: mediocre & overpriced. I wish I had gone with my instinct and given more weight to the negative reviews. The positive reviews of the spring rolls lured me in, however, much to my disappointment. One spring roll is $4.50, although we fortunately went for the happy hour and only paid $3.50, which was still too much, in my opinion. They were stuffed mostly with lettuce and had little to no flavor., and we tried 3 different kinds. The peanut sauce was overly thick and cloyingly sweet and added nothing positive to the rolls.  I had the Lemon Grass Chicken for dinner. The chicken was overcooked and dry and absolutely flavorless and the noodles were overly sweet. I couldn't detect even a hint of the lemon grass. The presentation was unappetizing, with the overcooked chicken just slapped on to the side of the noodles.  I'm not going to speak for my companions as they were there at my invitation and probably didn't want to be negative, but neither of them made any positive comments about their food.   As I said, pay attention to the negative reviews. If you like bland, overpriced food, you may like this place, but otherwise I can't see anyone going back for more.
5, Rami, absolutely gorgeous girl with the blue hair running the cash register totally made my night. She was used to the E-sports center but was at the register today, and let me tell you, it was stressful but she handled it with ease. She kept conversation and was mindful of my birthday and Groupon promotions and honored both. She was just a great conversationalist and honestly should be in management for how she handles situations. Definitely would want her on board with my business, that's for sure. Also, Manager Troy was more than accommodating with everything throughout the evening. He made sure my girls left with an even amount of prizes. Bless his heart, because that would not be a fun car ride home.   There were a few games out of order, and I mentioned it to the front and they sent attendants out to fix the issue in no time. Excellent customer service.   Tyler, at the bar, thank you for your understanding and outstanding customer service. My friend had ordered a whiskey smash, but it tasted more like a strawberry lemonade on the dollar menu at Del Taco. We mentioned it to Tyler and he apologized for the other bartenders error and remade a Jack N Coke, since that is what usually gets the job done. Tyler was very helpful and made adult time, much more enjoyable and worth it.   Can't wait to come back, KID FREE!!
3, Went with big groups the two times I went here. Ambiance is lovely and rustic. The concept is terrific (farm to table), too. The service--I had a very professional and friendly mid-aged man--was also very knowledgeable and attentive. One of my party (a visiting professor) put up a mild huff about how the wine "not being cold enough" (something my cheap ass would probably let go from the get-go), but he handled it with aplomb. We got multiple dishes, including a cheese and bread tray, eggplant parm, some sort or cheesy kimchi thing, and another kind of braised beef. All were fresh and mouth-watering to the eyes. And the wine selection was fantastic. My only complaint--and it's enough to knock off a star--is that the food was just to darn salty. You had to drown out many of the dishes with the extra bread on the table. It's possible most of V Picasso's regular patrons like their food on the extra salty side, but I as well as my other dinner mates agree that you couldn't eat too much of the food because of the salt content. So that was a big disappointment, particularly given that everything else was spades. So if they can just cut back on the salt, maybe they're be on the track to 4 (hell even 5 stars) in my book. But until then... one can only hope and wait.
5, Just your typical warehouse club right?  I guess that depends on your definition of typical.  Sam's club has hours just for buisness members starting at 7:00am.  You can also fax in or go online and have them shop for you.  All you do is go in a pay for it.  They have a few membership levels- Business, Gold Member and Premium.  The Premium level you earn 2% back on all your purchases.  They do give you two cards for the price that you pay, so you can go in with a neighbor and each get a card.  In addition to electronics, photo lab, optical center, bakery, meat department, they also have a little know "clearance" section at each Sam's.  You just have to know where it is.  Also when they are clearancing out merchandise, the price will end in a "1".  Most common is .71 or .81.  I have picked up 5 pound bags of mixed candy for .71 a bag, and lots of other deals just by knowing this little secret.  They do discount their meat the day before they need to pull it from the shelves.  They also will give cookies to children.  My boys also love the cafe where they get their "pizza and drink please."  Their menu has changed  a lot lately though and I am not sure if I like it.  Prices are very reasonable though.  They also have gasoline pumps outside which if you know your prices can be a good thing!  If you are not satified with your membership, you can cancel at anytime and they will prorate your membership refund.  Their refund policy is really good as well.
5, We came in after seeing great reviews on Yelp; after stuffing my face with hot, juicy crawfish, I felt another review was deserved!  The service was friendly, upbeat, and swift.  The room has a nice ambience, great R&B music playing at a good volume - Enough to enjoy and groove while still carrying a conversation with my wife.    The food.  She had the Cajun Garlic Butter Salmon.  The rice was tender, the sauce was spicy - but not overbearing.  The fish was cooked masterfully.  Moist and flaky, not falling apart all over the place.  The crawfish.  I got a bag with corn and sausage; spicy Louisiana style.  The heat was PERFECT.  It was hot, but I never had to stop and sit because my mouth was on fire.  Many places struggle to find the delicate balance between flavor and heat, but that struggle was nowhere to be found here.  The sausage was tender, boiled in the same juices.  The crawfish pinched apart beautifully, the tail meat came out in one smooth piece, and of course, the head!  Sweet and savory, soft and buttery..   All around, one of the more fun and vibrant restaurants I've been to!
3, Lack of caring service!! It was just the second time for me having food here but not my husband. We decided to come here bcoz I thought seafood here is good.  We grabbed cocktails before starting our dinner. My husband did order Shrimp Caesar, I was not ready at that time. The server just took the order..she didn't say thing or recommend me anything. When she came back, I ordered Bahama cocktail. It was good though but felt like alcohol was less than it mentions. (I'm sensitive to alcohol, but I felt nothing!) Salad came, was normal taste but the BISCUIT was great! Next, our main dishes, were ok. We got the combination of lobster, crab (difficult to eat much), breaded shrimp and butter shrimp, it was just ok for me...Another dish was rainbow trout with lemon butter, I like this one! Everything seemed good except the service. I asked our waitress for more sauce during we were having our food. She was disappeared from our tables. Forgot! or IGNORED! or both!!!! I didn't call her anymore bcoz I didn't see her was too busy to come to check us gain. I saw her around there many times but she didn't even come to check us (as i thought..bcoz I got the feeling that she didn't care about serving us) till we finished!!  She grabbed us the bill then gone again! I saw her when we were leaving. I was sure she saw us but she said nothing, acted like we were not there. Thank you for your ignorance (to that old lady) We gave u tips bcoz u might need it and hope u could improve yourself..and really hope the restaurant could have some more lively servers who are good at service.
5, This folks are the best!!  Let me tell you how I found this gem!  Traveling to Scottsdale for family visit, recently had major repairs done on my Subaru.  Upon arrival from Salt Lake my wife smelt coolant!!  Next day I called my mechanic and they referred me to Tech Net for national referral.  They provided two numbers some beemer place that never returned my call and Richard's Auto Clinic.  Called Richard's and Lori was friendly and was way helpful, got an address and directions.  Headed over, got us in rapidly.  While we waited we're provided drinks and a comfortable waiting room.  Their customer service is top notch!!! Lori took time to help me figure out a different auto related issue!!  Very kind and thoughtful.  All said and done two loose hose clamps!  Thank God!  Invited us to friend them on Facebook and also asked we let them know when we make it home!  On top of that she let me know that if anything else happened to get the car back and they would get on it first thing Monday.  Let's hope that doesn't happen but having piece of mind that there are kind and thoughtful mechanics out there is outstanding!  Richard's Auto Clinic on the outside is unassuming but inside... the reception, attentiveness and genuineness is incredible!  If you need a mechanic THIS IS YOUR PLACE.
4, I like that the Vig locations around the valley have a different feel and vibe to it. The Vig Uptown has a modern, casual atmosphere to it. It's your typical dim lighted bar with chill music which I can't say about The Vig Filmore. Both locations are awesome depending on what you're looking for.  We came here for dinner last night and sat at the patio to watch the game. Honestly I feel like The Vig has one of the best nachos ever. Everything in their nachos is quality - we always like to add shredded chicken. For dinner, I ordered their famous mac and cheese with short ribs. Everyone at the table had a bite of my dish because it was incredible. It wasn't overwhelmingly tasty like other mac and cheese dishes. The pasta was cooked perfectly and served in an iron  skillet. You can order their burgers or sandwiches and upgrade your side to a mac and cheese or pozole for just $3. So worth it! My boyfriend always orders the pozole. I am not a fan of pozole in general but The Vig makes it so well.   For drinks, our server misunderstood my order and gave me a Four peaks peach ale instead of the AZ peach shandy. She took the drink off our bill when she realized her mistake but I actually liked the four peaks peach ale more so than what I ordered. I wasn't a big fan of the AZ peach Shandy and would probably not order it again.   The service is always great at the Vig. They also have complementary valet.
1, I'm posting this review while sitting in the waiting room to see Dr. Waltman.  This is a review of just the front office staff.  I was asked to come to my 10:15 appointment 30 minutes early to fill out the necessary me patient forms.  I arrived 55 minutes early.  Provided my ID and insurance card then day to complete my ppwk.  After I finished I went to turn it in.   The girl in the front glanced at it and told me(rather rudely) I had to fill out the insurance portion.  I said to her that I thought that was why they took a copy of my card.  She gave me a funny look and said you have to fill it out.  I took the forms back and walking away I muttered.... that's a pain in the ass.  After completing them I handed them back to her and she said they'd call me.  About 10 min later I was called by a different lady to pay my Co pay.  As I was talking to the new lady the ride one interrupted our conversation by saying that I'm not allowed to swear in here, that kind of language isn't permitted.  Lol I'm sure I looked at her crazy because honestly I had forgotten that I even said anything since it wasn't directed at her.  I asked what I said and she said you called me a pain in the ass.  I told her I want talking to her and that comment was more to myself.  She replied with you're not allowed to talk like that.  At this point I'm getting irritated because I honestly wasn't talking to her and I had explained that,  so I told her... generally speaking if I were going to ball someone a pain in the ass I would look them in the face and straight up tell them that they are a f#%#ing pain in the ass.  Then I sat down.  Needless to say, this was not the best 1st impression they could've made on me.
4, so. good.   i ordered the fish "banh mi" and... it was so freakin' good. whilst i do wish it was in a more traditional banh mi style bread (baguette vs round bun), it had the perfect amount of heat and i totally dug the interpretation. and the kale salad? o.m.gooooooodness. i know the mac and cheese is good and all... but you HAVE to get the kale salad. it is green perfection. and so good for your eyes!  the husband had the burger which was.... uhm, possibly the best burger i've had in arizona??? yeah. it was like that. juicy and perfectly cooked. with a side of church potatoes - what what???? that was like the ultimate comfort food meal right there. ULTIMATE. it was delectable.   bro got the porkwich... that much pig on a piece of bread honestly scares me... but it really truly worked. and i understood why people are fanatical about it. his side of mac and cheese? now THAT, my friends is a good m&c. it was cheeeeeeeeesy up the heezy, and no weird liquidy sauce, the pasta shape didn't put me off. i wanted to swim in that mac and cheese. ok, maybe not because that was a hottttt little dish, but... i really really really really loved it. and wanted to steal it and eat it all. now that i'm revisiting that experience, i dunno how i feel about that kale salad. i'm torn. i choose both.  my dad had the reuben, which to me is a man-which. it was decent, just not my flava.  my mom had either the brown bag chicken or the grilled chicken. i don't remember because my bro's gf had the other one. they were both good and i am not a big chicken sandwich fan. perhaps not phenomenal, but i would venture to say i might at some point be persuaded to order a chicken sandwich from here.   we had the deviled egg dip... the chips were good, but the dip was kinda forgettable.  service was amazing, the ambiance and decor... impeccable.   there are a lot of new pretentious phx area eateries that are similar to this one... all in all, windsor is at the top.  valet is free... or you can park on the street a little further past the restaurant.
1, I had been to this nail salon a few years ago and they did a nice job. I had a particular design in mind this visit which included some intricate straight lines.  The technician tried her best to draw the lines, but I was surprised the tools that she used, instead of a thin brush like I have seen used in other salons I've been to, she used a bulky thick brush. So all the lines came out thick, uneven, and wavy. I didn't really like it, but it was late and I didn't want to make a fuss. After a day, the lines really started to bother me, so I called to see if they would fix it being that I was charged $14 for design on 4 out of my 10 nails. On top of the manicure being $10 more than other salons, $14 for design, and leaving a 20% tip, they told me, they would charge me for fixing the nails. It's not about the money, obviously I spend money to get me nails done. It's about the lack of customer service that they offered. Think twice before going to this over priced salon that lacks good customer service and just wants your money.    Thanks for actually responding on Yelp. However, it would've been nice to actually get this over the phone when I called, instead I was told there was nothing you could do, except charge me. The lines were thick and wavy, maybe you need to look closely at the picture to see that. As far as your 7-day policy, I called the very next day, so I'm not sure how that's comes into play.  I ok'd the design cause we were already 2 1/2 hours in and like I said prior, I didn't want to make a fuss.  My problem wasn't with the tech, she did a great job, besides the lines. My problem was with the management  not caring that I was displeased with my nails after 1 day and after dropping $70 in their salon.  They treated me like I was trying to get something for free. If they had said, why don't you come in so we can take a look. Who knows I probably would've paid to get it fixed. But they didn't want to hear my side of the story. I love having my nails done, and always receive compliments on them daily. In turn I love to refer folks to the salons I visit to so they too can have that experience. But the way I was treated at this salon was unnecessary, so I had to address it. I wish The Nail Room much success.
3, I was excited to try this place after hearing so many good things about it. I was quickly seated, ordered the half regular, half spicy hot pot, and went to gather my food while the broth came to a boil.   I was very impressed with the variety, especially the seafood: 3 different types of crab, scallops, clams, mussels, and even lobster. Not sure if the seafood variety is like this every night or I just happened to visit on a special day. A selection of noodles, vegetables, and meats (beef, chicken, pork, and lamb) rounded out my choices. Each of the refrigerated items were portioned out on Styrofoam plates and wrapped in cellophane, which I thought was a little wasteful. In the center of the restaurant were a bunch of desserts and some cooked items such as fried rice, pad thai, etc. The theme of the non-refrigerated items was thai. As mentioned by others, there was also a condiment/sauce section.  Both broths were fine. The spicy broth was not that spicy and did not cause any numbness, but nor was it very oily. The meats were just okay, very lean, so they ended up a little tough after cooking. The lamb (a classic) and beef (eye of round?) were my favorites. I am not a huge crustacean fan, especially if I have to shell them myself, but I did enjoy the shellfish. The desserts were okay, nothing special. The meats could have used a little more marbling and an extra waitperson would have helpful.
5, 5 stars. Just like that. BAM! Listen to me, I have an obsession with sushi. I have tried sushi in Europe, sushi in Oakville, in Toronto, Vaughan, Richmond Hill - you name it.  Actually, my goal in life is to find the perfect AYCE place. This might be it...  First of all - the sashimi pieces are the size of a small child. I can honestly say I ate a whole salmon and a whole tuna to ma face. They also have talapia sashimi and talapia tempura - YUMMM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  THE GALBI DOESN'T STOP FLOWING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! And the staff is so nice - I ask for 40 pieces?? Sure! Anything I want - I AM THE KING OF THE SUSHI WORLD!!!!!!!!!  They have mussels - garlic butter and wasabi mussels, which is hard to find in a lot of AYCE places.  They have coconut shrimp - MASSIVE coconut shrimp. It's deep fried to golden perfection and not overly battered.   Their maki have ONE layer of rice. Max 2. So little rice that I can see the seaweed through it. The pieces are exploding with fish. AMAZING!!!  Spider rolls and Kaze roll are my favorite. I think the Kaze roll is the one with 3 fish in it (salmon, white tuna and red tuna? maybe talapia) - ask them when you get there, some of the rolls have weird names but they are deliciousoooo.   I RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO EVERYONE! ANYONE AND EVERYONE! PLEASE GO - don't listen to overly critical reviews. People have unreasonably high expectations for AYCE sushi. Kaze is quality and quantity and FREE POP. And it's relatively cheap - 20.99 for weekday dinner and 22.99 for weekend.
4, This is my one-stop neighborhood shop for supplements and natural products.  Every time I drop by Noah's I end up leaving with items I didn't know I wanted!  And it's okay because you feel like you are doing your body a favour!  If there's a disaster and you can't take refuge in a Wal-mart you could totally live out of a Noah's. * You have hemp soap and natural shampoos * Overpriced-but-clean-burning incense (not useful in disaster situations but smells nice) * All the vitamins and supplements you need * Food section with sugar-free coconut water, gluten free cupcakes and cookies, and quinoa-almond crisps, etc.  I love shopping here. However, do your own research.  Unfortunately, some of the staff spend too much time in drum circles instead of learning about their own products.  I didn't agree with their recommendations on a few occasions.  But, it never hurts to ask because it really depends on who serves you.  I overheard a staff member telling a customer that Asian people have young looking skin because of all the chicken feet we eat.  (raise eyebrow)  Regardless, I still (organic) heart Noah's! =)
5, The food was fantastic. We ordered two hard shell tacos a la carte with shredded beef and two california burritos.  The tacos were big, not like most places when you order a taco and it shows up all teeny tiny. These were topped with shredded lettuce, cheese and sour cream. This is what I'm used to having and it hit the spot! I actually wish I had just ordered more tacos  The California burrito had asada, cheese and French fries! ⁉⁉ I've never had a Mexican burrito with French fries.. And I'm also from CA so the name was odd to me. I assumed a CA burrito meant there would be lettuce and avocado or something. Anyways, I digress, the burrito was pretty good. The tortilla was super fresh and the ingredients just made sense. It was different for me and I like trying new things! I'm just happy I went with it.  Also, keep in mind we went 30 minutes before closing and on a Sunday. We were literally the only people in the place besides the ones who were running it. So my initial thought was-- umm, they are probably closing, it's a Sunday and they want to go home so our food might not be that fresh. I mean, I'm already trying something new and given the time and day, I was going into it mentally prepared that it might not be that good. Boy was I SO wrong. The tortilla chips with totally fresh, nice and hot in the bag.  We are looking forward to coming back!
4, A modern and clever way to do all you can eat Korean barbeque. At Let's Meat Kbbq, there is a flat rate for you to eat all your heart desires but it is structured in a way that decreases the potential for unnecessary waste. So essentially, the idea is that you order from a menu for portions of things whether it be meat, vegetables, soups, etc and if you want more, you can always order more. Honestly, some people might not be excited about the "inconvenience" about ordering multiple times but I'm happy with it because I've oftentimes wondered and reflected about the waste! Also, the waiters/waitresses are so attentive that anytime you need anything, they're right there to take your order. Furthermore, they do all the cooking for you, so all you need to do is eat. The only thing that I wasn't crazy about was the fact that the price per person is already pretty steep. It seems a little ridiculous to have to pay an additional amount for some of the meats. I won't speak much to the authenticity. I didn't particularly think the meats were flavored well though the bean paste soup was exactly as how I remember my mother making it when I was a wee lass. Lastly, I was really glad that their kimchi was good- it's the first thing I look for when I go to a Korean restaurant.
2, UPDATE 7/10/2016:  While the food remains good, something has happened to the service. I have been going to this location for over 20 years and the line never moved as slowly as it did today. There were very few people in line when I walked in but it was quite a while before anyone asked for my order. Both the people in front of me and behind me in line commented they had also never seen the line move so slowly, and they were also long-time customers.  I tried to figure it out since I counted five staff members on the line; one on the grill, one handling drinks and shakes (which left her just standing there most of the time), one putting the condiments on the orders, one at the register, and one handling the fries and onion rings. The only thing I could think of was the staff was new. One person looked vaguely familiar but other than that I didn't recognize anyone, and another person said "I've never seen these people before." The employees weren't horsing around; everything just moved very, very slowly.  Because I drove in from so far away I hung in there until I got my order, but if I lived closer I would have been long gone.  I don't like downgrading my initial positive review but I think management needs to be aware they have a customer service issue--at least they had one today around 6:00-7:00 p.m.  ...................................................................... Ted's in Tempe has been a favorite of mine since the early 90's.  Though currently residing in Queen Creek, it's worth the trip now and then for a delicious, charbroiled jumbo all beef dog.  So many places come and go, but it's great that Ted's has been at the same location for years. Hope they remain for a long, long time.  11/8/09: Found myself at Ted's again today [along with a few other times since posting this review].  Same great dogs, and this time got the fries and onion rings--so good. Same quick service too. So glad to see their business is booming during these less-than-great economic times. Long Live Ted's !!!  01/07/2014 - Ted's still delivers the goods. Since I live in San Tan Valley now (we formerly borrowed Queen Creek's name) I don't get out there often, though have been there a few times since the last update). Today I ordered the jumbo all beef, fries and onion rings, as always--and as always, it was delicious. Thanks Ted's!
3, We were supposed to go to another restaurant in the boulevard, but one of my friends didn't like Alice Fazooli's for some reason, so we ended up coming here on a Saturday night. The wait time for patio was only a few minutes. Although it was crowded, the noise level was very low. People were enjoying their beers and engaging in conversations that you could easily hear.The service was good as usual. I got the mushroom and chicken pizza, which is served on the same kind of bread as their Souvlaki. In fact, the chicken Souvlaki and my pizza tasted exactly the same when I added the Tzatziki sauce. The pizza was very so-so, and the toppings were so loose on the bread that I had to eat it like a sandwich. In comparison to the North York branch, the patio is the only bonus.  What I like about Moxie's is that they cater to every taste. There's a food option for those who like Greek, Indian, American and Italian. If you have a crowd that's hard to please, bring them to Moxie's. Nobody has the right to complain here about the lack of food options!
4, Decided to have my sons birthday here with the main goal of tiring everyone's kids out. We booked online which was fairly easy. It was really a bummer that they only allowed us 15 minutes before our jump time to set up our room. The party room upstairs was set up nicely but we did have lots of decorations to put up so that took some time away from me being able to experience what Gravady had to offer. In between setting up and checking people in throughout the party I was only able to jump with the kids for less than 5 minutes before it was time to get back to the party room. The attendant we had was very helpful in serving our guests and cleaning up spills/messes. Everyone really enjoyed the experience and for many it was their first time going to Gravady. It is kind of pricey for just one hour especially when guests show up late and have only 30 minutes to jump. To offset the cost we made our own food so the fact that they let you bring in basically whatever you want really helped. The facility was very clean and bigger than I expected.. the only weird thing is that the jumpers either go barefoot or have to purchase gravady socks at $4 a pair. I'd much rather have the socks become a requirement and pay the price instead of thinking about all those dirty feet all over the place. The only suggestion I have for the staff is to think about how they can streamline the check in process or make is easier so that the host of the party doesnt have to run back and forth to check people in. And maybe space out party times by 30 mins instead of 15 so that we have enough time to set up and are able to enjoy the facility with our guests. Other than that, everyone had a blast and im sure they slept soundly that night also!
1, I HATE THIS PLACE!!! I had the worst experience! I have a regular stylist who went back home to Chicago for the summer. I was approached about this salon and their new location. I called, explained my hair type and style and asked who would be best to serve me. The receptionist advised me which stylist would be best, and I booked the appointment. I showed up 10 minutes early. The stylist I was told would be styling that day, rudely informed me she was a level 5 stylist with a full client list and any stylist in the salon could do a good job. I should have walked out then, but I didn't. I told myself, "let's give the stylist a chance." I came in with my hair done as I always wear it, I explained exactly what I needed and wanted as well as showed the stylist pictures. I left in tears, she BUTCHERED my hair!! I was VERY disappointed, I will never step foot in that salon ever again! I wouldn't wish that experience on anyone! :(  I have been to different hair salons trying to find a stylist that fits me. I was hoping to finally end this long search. This is why despite my initial interaction, I decided to give the younger stylist a chance. I honestly, was hoping to find someone I could rely on regularly. My current stylist is always in and out of town. She has done this for many years and this is no longer a job to her its hobby so she's not always available.  This was a complete disaster, I left in tears and cried for 3 hours. I had to go to Fantastic Sam's near my home to help clean up the mess the stylist left me with. I wear a sassy short hair cut but not a MULLLET! With the extensive explaining, and pictures I for sure thought I would leave at the least satisfied or with something I could work with! I cannot do anything but wait for this disaster to grow out. I am devistated, and I would think twice, three, even four times before you take a risk at this salon. I will say this, the salon lay out is nice, and the atomosphere is upbeat however, the skills ARE JUST NOT THERE!!!
4, Dining Experience: Lunch Specialty: German-style Sausage Hall Menu items: Bison, Wild Boar and Venison Sausages with Duck Fat Fries  Who is in for a sausage party? Well, the kind of party that involves food, that is. Before we begin, let me educate you on the pronunciation of this place - read "Verst". And its exact English translation is non other than sausage (figures). This recently opened spot in the heart of King West has been successfully luring in lunch crowds. With its sausage hall concept, breadth of sausage styles and flavours and an impressive local and imported beer menu; Wvrst has quickly become a favourite in the area and the Friday lunch go-to place for most of us.  Their dedication to the core product, sausages; its one to admire. All sausages are freshly made on the premises and cooked when ordered. When you arrive at Wvrst, you right away notice a large line up of people (mostly men...I did say it was a sausage party) staring at the menu, asking the staff for advice and at times drinking beer while waiting in line. Because this is a sausage hall, once your food is ordered, you are given a number which then lets the waiters know which table to bring the food to. One thing you will notice is that because the line-ups are long, the waiters are extremely diligent in cleaning up the tables, so don't feel like they are rushing you, they are just doing their job and are very pleasant.  Now, lets talk about the product. From the list, my favourite is the Venison style sausage. Given that its flavour is more on the smokey, nutty and hearty side, it makes it a great pairing with just about any topping. You can choose 2 out of 4 toppings - Caramelized Onions, Sauerkraut, Sweet Peppers and Sautéed Jalapeños. The roll used to wrap these juicy meats around is something worth mentioning, being on the rather soft side, this roll is lightly sweet with a hint of sourdough style bread, a great choice. Note to reader: you can also order a whole wheat roll and choice of veggie or chicken sausage options.  Another one of Wvrst's hits is their Duck Fat Fries. Fried in duck fat as opposed to regular oil, the fries tend to be softer and buttery, while maintaining a great consistency on the surface. How this is done? A two step frying process. Double-dipping is what I would name this frying method. The outcome? Buttery and flavourful french fries.  But the goodness does not end here, on top of having great tasting fries, Wvrst offers you a selection of dipping sauces. My favourite, and one that I can not live without, the Mojito sauce. Dip your fries in it or add it to your sausage party, either way you in are in for a heck of a tasty treat.  Until next time Foodies!  Buen Provecho, Viviana.
5, We walked into Melt. "Did you want to put your name on the list?" the hostess says with exasperation. Whoa..."Uh, yeah, how long is the wait?" pause...HUGE eyeroll..."Like, an hour. Hour and a half. Hard to say." Having just driven over two hours from Pittsburgh and being met with this wonderful attitude, we immediately peaced out of Melt. I looked down the street and pointed. "DEAGAN'S!" And sorry, I have a hard time believing that even Melt's super-hyped grilled cheese sandwiches could have lived up to our perfect lunch at Deagan's. Sometimes things really do happen for a reason, right?  I really wanted the barbecue pork, but I also really wanted the pork belly brussels sprouts, and I knew I couldn't possibly devour both at lunchtime. Our waitress insisted that I absolutely NEEDED to try both, and took it upon herself to ask the kitchen to make me the barbecue pork appetizer from the dinner menu instead of the entree from the lunch menu. I've never actually liked brussels sprouts that much (it was the promise of pork belly that lured me in, of course) but these were seriously good. I guess I've just never had them cooked right--super tender and drenched in butter. Least healthy vegetable ever, but also maybe the most delicious. The barbecue pork on a jalepeño pancake was awesome too, but the brusselsprouts were lifechanging.  Oh, and the beer selection here is interesting and varied, just like the menu. Our waitress enthusiastically brought us samples of anything we even pointed at on the menu before we could attempt to refuse them. I kind of wish it wasn't 2 in the afternoon so I could have had more than one...haha.  I will totally make a point of coming back here again.
3, After one visit at lunch and one visit during dinner visit in the last two months, Sauce is A-OK. Various coupons/discounts are available for sauce which we used on both visits. Groupon $18 for $30 was used on the first visit and Yelp deal $50 voucher for $25, which was found on the Yelp app, was used on the second visit.  On our first lunchtime visit, we were sat in the bar area and I took the recommendations of our server Bernadette. For the appetizer, we had the pepperoni stuffed fried cheese. For entrees, my wife had the California panini and I had the Italian chimichanga. The common thread with our appetizer and my entree was the mix of pesto cream sauce and the tomato based marinara and arrabbiata sauces. I didn't think that was a good pairing. I might have the fried cheese again but without the pesto cream sauce. I wouldn't get the chimichanga again. There's too many ingredients (meatballs, sausage, mushrooms, peppers, mozzarella, and feta along with the arrabbiata and creamy pesto sauces) that just didn't meld well together.  On our second visit, we were seated on a Saturday night with one other table in the dining room. We ordered the kids fettuccine alfredo, the sauce sea bass (they were out of sea bass and salmon was substituted), and the create your pasta consisting of fettuccine, signature red sauce, meatball, roasted garlic, and mushrooms. If you're a garlic fan and not looking for any kind of make out session after dinner, order roasted garlic with your pasta. There were a total of about ten cloves of garlic in my pasta. For dessert, we had the zeppoli which was probably the best dish of the meal. Even with the lack of business, service was still slow. Everything was OK with this visit with nothing being bad, but nothing being that memorable.  The menu is large with a mix of traditional dishes and different creations so it's highly probable to find something of your liking. We just didn't score with either of our visits. I'd come back here if we had a discount or deal as we did with our previous visits and maybe we might find the dish that is right for us.
1, Great concept,  just not executed properly.  I had seen this idea online and thought that it would be a great double date idea. Unfortunately it turned out to be a terrible idea.  Pros: - great idea of "snookerball"  Cons: - value. For the price that you are paying,  my group of 4 were barely able to finish 1 game. 5 minutes before the end of the game we were given our warning.   -Service. A majority of the waiters and waitresses were just standing around. Hovering around the bar eating and doing nothing.  It was difficult to get our waitress to even help us out or place an order for food.   -I have never felt so in the way. At our 5 minute warning essentially the hostess lingered around our lane and waited for us to break and told us we had to leave. We still had 5 minutes left, but that didn't matter. We still had food and drinks, but were told to hurry up and leave.   -Food. Terrible. You definitely do not get what you pay for.  We ordered the nachos with beef. Order anything else off the menu. Save yourself the disappointment!
4, We came here with 2 other couples. We usually eat out once a month. We made reservations 6 weeks ago. We were all looking forward to eating at Becketts Table. We sample a different Phoenix restaurant each month. This is the 6th restaurant this year that we have tried. The restaurant was the right amount of noise. We were able to carry on decent conversations here compared to some other places we tried. The beet appetizer was like nothing I've ever tasted. The sweetness of the beets and the spice accompanying it was unique and delicious. The Mac n Cheese appetizer was creamy and comforting.  My husband and I split the chopped vegetable salad. This was very refreshing in the summer heat.  The pork OssoBucco was tender and a little too salty. It was accompanied by a spaetzle which was even more salty. The beef short ribs were tender and tasty. Maybe a touch too much salt.  3 people at our table had the salmon. It must have been good because they did not say a word.  The broccolini side was perfect as far as sides go. I'd like to go back and try this place again.
4, I've been waiting a long time to try this restaurant. Just hearing about it from friends and reading reviews on Yelp made it that much more exciting. It's a very nice place, nice drive up entry and lobby, nice interior decor. It puts you in the mood for a nice relaxing dinner. Our server this night was Keith and he was very knowledgeable, prompt and patient. He explained everything from how the meal would be served, from the salad to the actual carving of the prime rib. You don't have to be concerned if you aren't sure what the various cuts of meat are. He said that when the chef comes table side he will show you the actual sizes.   Okay. First off, you get your drink orders filled, then you start off with your salad when you are ready. The salad is prepared table side on a cart with a large bowl in a bed of ice. The server proceeds to spin the bowl and tosses the dressing into it. They have a house seasoned pepper to put on your salad which is made by Lawry's. Very good and refreshing.  Next comes the main course... The prime rib! Yours truly opted for the Diamond Jim Brady cut, medium rare which has the bone in. It' s actually not that big of a serving when you consider that the bone is in. I think it was a 16oz cut. It was done perfect and I had it with the creamed spinach. Mashed potatoes come with it and the au jus is laddled onto your prime rib. Oh, and don't forget the Yorkshire pudding!  Also, my dining companion and I decided on a sizzling plate of mushrooms which were sautéed in butter and garlic.   As for dessert, well, that was far from my mind at the time! It was a very delicious and satisfying meal. If you decide on coming here for dinner, I suggest you have just a light lunch that day, I did and I'm glad I prepared myself for dinner! I really enjoyed my dining experience here and what made it even better was the excellent service provided by the employees here. From the front reception area to the servers, valet, they are very friendly and cordial. Give them a try when you're in Vegas.
1, This is about the Buckeye location. My experience with this company was horrific. It is bad enough that your vehicle gets towed but then to have to deal with an agency that is dishonest, rude, unscrupulous and participates in the behavior of cheating the public , makes the experience that much worse.  This company has a $50 fee to have your car released on a day it is closed or after hours. However, they do not tell you that even AFTER you ask for options on how to pick up your vehicle. Instead, they hold your car for an additional 3 days and charge you $30 a day simply telling you that it's not their job to provide you with  truthful answers to the questions you've asked. Great job DV TOWING, robbing the public and generating gain on the back of this cities residents. I will be going a step further and reporting them. I've already forgiven them but I hope that they will experience financial consequences for their poor business practices. As a public we deserve to deal with trustworthy companies, no matter what their occupation. No wonder their ratings are so low!
4, Ambiance/decor-3 Service-5 Food-5 Strikeouts-0/3  This place has been out for a while. The place is designed to look modern, but the place is overall dim, so you can't really notice anything negative or positive. Overall look is average.  Service here was impeccable. Even with a full house and people constantly coming in and out of the restaurant, I felt my table had 2-3 dedicated waiters at our beck and call. However, not everyone there speaks chinese though. Regardless, our plates were changed, soups were served into bowls, teas refilled, and fast paced service. The food just kept non-stop. Definitely top notch service for a chinese cuisine place, and a chain at that.   My table ordered the 8 person combo, at $238 with green onion rolled pancake with sliced pork, 2 extra orders of Steamed Soup Filled Dumplings with Ground Pork, and Steamed Soup Filled Dumplings with Dried Scallops, Pork & Luffa. The combo included, 5 variety cold dish, fish maw soup, peking duck with lettuce wrap upgrade, broccoli and eggs, leg of a pig, seafood veggie mix, steamed fish, mushroom greens, and lobster e-fu noodles.  Let's start off with the extra sides. The steamed dumplings are definitely good. Not as good as Xiao Long Bao that opened up just down on huntingwood, but still better than most places. The green onion pancake with sliced pork is definitely top notch. I find most places skimp on the green onion, the sauce, or/either the amount of pork. This place got it just right!! I was honestly expecting subpar food since this place was a chain, but a lot of the items were above expectations. The ones that shone the most were definitely the 5 variety cold dish taking first, broccoli and eggs taking second, and peking duck takes the third.  The cold dish honestly surprised me, it is usually too cold, making it lack flavour or too hard/chewy to have good texture. This one was bursting with flavour, moist and appetizing. The eggs within the broccoli is usually tame, but this one made my eyes go O_O, "what is this?" I typically don't care for this dish, but this was unique. It was strong, but not too salty and it didn't require any vinegar at all. Peking duck taste third, since there was ample meat in each slice, and the mix with the lettuce was crispy and refreshing!  All pictures attached, and definitely recommend people come try, as this chain restaurant is better than some traditionally opened chinese restaurants!
1, The worst hotel experience that I have ever had!! I had reserved a room here for a weekend during spring training with my boyfriend and friend. When we first arrived we just dropped off our bags and left, not really looking around at the features the room had to offer. Later that night we came back to call it a night when my boyfriend called me from the bathroom to come see what he found. He had smashed a bedbug that was pretty big which was far from comforting. After this experience we looked on the floors and bed and saw at least 4 bugs running across the room and sheets. If that wasn't exciting we noticed cockroaches, beetles, and god knows what else crawling down through the walls and bathroom. Without exaggerating we killed at least 30 bugs and spanning from all sorts. They offered to move us to a different room but at that point we wanted nothing to do with the room.  The one positive of this whole experience was the lady who helped us out at the front desk. Extremely nice and apologetic. I wish I remembered her name. If you've ever seen the movie " The Birds", it can compare to the experience that my friends and I shared at this Motel 6.
5, Four of us met here for lunch so that we could try several dishes to try Portuguese food.  The owner, Lubka, told us it was the only Portuguese restaurant in Las Vegas.    We were brought rolls and our drinks came quickly.  We ordered several starters to share.  First was a half chorizo that was cooked with red wine and flame grilled tableside.  Next, we had the dish Halloumi, goat cheese grilled over cypress and served with a sweet and sour sauce.   Next came the snails cooked with a chardonnay white wine and garlic sauce and broiled with mixed cheeses and served with some toast slices.  Next was Bacalao, a dish made up of salted cod, mashed potatoes, garlic, onions, eggs and extra virgin olive oil and served with a salad of mixed greens.  Lubka (Luby) told us how they treated the salt cod daily with whole milk to remove the saltiness of the cod so it wasn't overpoweringly salty.  Then onto the chicken Trinchado.  The chicken is marinated in red wine and grilled.  It's then put in the Trinchado sauce which had a nice paprika flavor and a small hint of cumin.  Then we had the Calamari curry, a bowl of nicely cooked calamari in a curry sauce that didn't hit you up front but had a nice curry tang after the fact.  It was quite good.  With the calamari, we got rice and a container of chutney.  The flavors complimented each other nicely.  When we thought we had no more room, Luby insisted we have some dessert.  We went with the tiramisu.  It's quite a different looking dish from common tiramisu.  The  ladyfingers weren't like most tiramisu but there was a wonderful chocolate and  coffee flavor in the ladyfingers and the mascarpone cheese made this a wonderful ending dish.  Service was outstanding for the two hours or so that we were there.  We asked that the dishes not be brought out all at once and they did one at a time.  Luby came to the table and asked if it was OK to start the next dish.  She explained the dishes when she brought them and she was an absolute joy!  She's very proud of her food and she has reason to be proud!    This was a very memorable lunch with good company, good conversation, excellent food, and outstanding and very pleasant service.  Thanks to LJ and Niyen for the heads up on Vila Algarve.  I certainly expect to come back soon. I have to try some of their chicken livers and gizzards.  We opted not to do the organ meats yesterday.  That omission will be rectified soon!
4, This show is all about managing expectations. If you go in the show expecting some type of Cirque-show you will be disappointed. However, if you go into it thinking you'll hear some good tunes and see some spot-on Beatles impersonators then you'll have a good time. :) My family and I were in Vegas during the week (M-Thu) and would you believe the top shows that we wanted to see were all blacked out (Jabbawockeez, O, and LOVE), but in order to make the best of the situation we decided to see the BeatleShow, mostly because my Mom is a huge Beatles fan.   I would have to say that we really enjoyed ourselves. My parents enjoyed singing along and the emcees (in the form of Ed Sullivan, Austin Powers, etc.) tried to make it interactive as well. I do have to say that they really don't look too much like the Beatles (although the person who was George was really the closest match), however, they sounded just like them! And if I had to choose between looking like the Beatles or singing like the Beatles I would of course choose the latter. They sang and played their instruments wonderfully!  The show seemed a little short (85 mins I think is what other Yelpers are saying)  and I would've enjoyed hearing more songs (Obla-di-oh-bla-da, more psychedelic Beatles songs--Lucy in the Sky, Strawberry Fields) but for the price I was okay with it ($35). BTW, they are constantly doing deals on this show whether it be through Yelp, or Tix4Tonight, etc. so there is no reason why you should be paying full price!  Overall, if you are in Vegas midweek like I was, a Beatles fan and would like to see a good show at a good price, this one might be for you!
5, Las Vegas Krav Maga is a truly cutting edge self defense studio based on Israeli Special Forces hand-to-hand combat. The system originated with one man, Imi who developed it in the ghettos of Europe pre WWII and later fine tuned it in Israel. It is used by military, law enforcement and similar organizations worldwide.   The "Tribe" is truly like family led by the ever vigilant and innovative Donavin Britt. Real life scenarios (ie disarming a knife/gun wielding attacker, plucking away a choke hold, getting OFF of the ground, getting to safety after thwarting an attack, etc) The instructors are all top notch and are truly interested in each student being the best he or she can be.   Classes usually start with drills ranging from sprinting/suicides outdoors, to calisthenics to the point of exhaustion, Crossfit and even sledge hammers taken to giant tires out back. You work HARD here.   Krav Maga isn't about mastering a fancy kick: it is about identifying a threat, neutralizing it and getting to safety. Though you are taught to break free from being pinned on ground, etc the focus is on being on your feet. This is not grappling.    People of all ages from children to older adults benefit from this system. After training for a while, you can test for Fight Class which involves an all day series of everything you've learned up to that point amped up. Again, instructors and students alike support one another throughout the process as they do in class and beyond.   Due to a bad concussion, I'm unable to participate in most of the Krav activities and I really miss it. Being empowered as a woman (or man) and having confidence that you can defend yourself and push past self imposed limits is an invaluable gift Donavin, DC and all of the instructors provide. Plus, it is a great stress reliever to kick & punch tombstone pads and all of the off the hook drills they dream up.   I'd recommend this school to anyone who wants to learn the practical techniques and add new challenges to their fitness regime. Truly miss the Tribe and hope to be among them again, soon.
5, This combination (fruit and hotdogs?) of food should not work, but it really does.  I've eaten here a handful of times and it's well worth the drive. The prices are insanely low. The owner(s?) are cool and friendly. AND! I heard they're trying to get a liquor license, which would make Maui Dog even cooler than it already is! You get a card for a free dog when you buy 12. Whenever I go, it's so deserted. I hope more people will eat here so they'll stick around!  Their buns are so damn good, I could probably eat my weight in them. The dogs are huge. I've had a plain lava dog, which was good. Even better the second time when I made it shaggy (and I usually hate cole-slaw). The tiki dog is good too, but I think my favorite is the shaggy lava. My boyfriend usually gets the island dog (and I usually eat some of it) which is great! The chipotle garlic mayo and maui mustard cannot be easily replicated!  The tots are always cooked perfectly. I had a Horchata shave ice which didn't really taste Horchata-y, but it was yummy. The best thing to drink is their red cream soda though.. reminds me of being a kid.   Next time we go, I'm going to buck up and try the spam sliders. Since my dad was born and raised in Hawaii, we ate spam a lot growing up. I have to remember to take him here some time. I think he'd get a kick out of it.
4, Visiting from CA & arrived at the hotel on a sunday night (yesterday). I didn't have a lot of options but the front desk suggested this place. I got the shrimp sandwich & jalapeño poppers for delivery. The food took a while & when I called the restaurant, the workers sounded baffled bc my order had been lost. It wasn't until the manager (Matt, I believe) came on the line to help me out. I guess the driver had gotten lost & went to the wrong hotel. In the middle of my meal, I realized I didn't get a receipt so I called back & the manager was willing to drop it off on his way home. I thought that was really sweet but I insisted he drop it off tomorrow. I still woke up to my receipt & I must say, I was really impressed by him. The fact that I'm from out of town clearly means I won't be a regular here, so he didn't have to go out of his way. It was unfortunate my food was late but unlike the servers who answered the phone & casually just said my order wasn't placed, then handed the phone to the manager because they didn't want to deal with me, the manager going out of his way to make sure I was happy really stood out to me. Also, the food really IS delicious.
2, Well, I'm seriously underwhelmed.  It's not that the wings were bad -- it's just that the hype of "the best in the city" means they have a lot to live up to.  Couple that with their own hype machine of  "our medium is VERY HOT", the running competition of who can eat the most, etc, and really, I expect something better than a standard mass-market-pub chicken wing.  What I got is a standard mass-market-pub chicken wing.  Juicy meat, sure, but way too much sauce* left the wings soggy.  I want some crispness to my wings.  Were they tasty?  Sure.  Are they worth over a buck a wing?  I'm not so sure.  Factor in their overpriced crap-domestic beer and mediocre fries and I'm left with little reason to go out of my way to visit the place.  Anyway, on to specifics:  I call a huuuuuge BS on their heat claims.  If I had known how run of the mill their "Hot" was, I would have instead ordered "Superhot" or "Death".  As a consumer, I find that misleading and disappointing.     I've been a hot aficionado since I was ten years old.  I feel more pain biting into a jalapeno (3500-8000 Scoville) than I did eating ten of their "hot"... a jalapeno is practically a fruit!  I didn't even have to blow my nose or clear my throat, nor did I touch my beer until after the meal.  Listen, I get it, marketing is king... but c'mon.  At least try to back it up!    I'm a bit sad to do it, but Duff's clocks in at an underachieving 2 stars.  Not only have I experienced better, I've also experienced hotter.  *  I am surely wrong, but I'd swear their "hot" sauce is Frank's Extra Hot mixed with butter.  It was that generic.
2, We had a coupon for $20 each ticket for this show, and I think it was still too much.  We saw this show on a whim, not really knowing what to expect. But it seems pretty straightforward, right? Zombies. Burlesque. Cool.  Out of the 75 minute show, I think we got about 15 minutes of actual burlesque. The rest of the show was the unfunny host talking... and talking... and making crappy jokes... and let me tell you, I am ALL about offensive jokes, but these ones were just tasteless and fell completely flat. I just wanted the host to shut up. They REALLY did not make it clear anywhere that this show is more of a musical and an ATTEMPT at a comedy.   Even the burlesque we got was a little disappointing, because the girls were hardly made up as zombies, if at all! I didn't expect full body paint or anything (despite the banner for the show), but most of the girls just had some white paint on their faces and nowhere else on them, no blood, and one girl had NO zombie makeup at all!  The stage is TINY, and all of the seats are on one level. Unless you paid extra for bench seats, you're screwed.   At least we got free jello shots... good thing they were strong, because it was about a teaspoon of jello.
4, Buca is a lovely intimate space to celebrate any special event. The space is a great blend between industrial, rustic and upscale aesthetics. We had great service and our waitress was very helpful with recommendations.  We came over the holidays to celebrate a birthday and had a great adventurous meal. You can definitely come across items that can't be found anywhere else! We started the night with Salumi De Buca and we got the lardo, spalla and the salsiccine. It was my first time trying lardo in this way, and it's texture was like caramel but tasted like cream. Very interesting! Next was the Trota, steelhead trout with a yogurt and herbs on top. The raw trout was fatty and meatier-tasting than tuna sashimi (as a benchmark) but the preparation kept it light and balanced. The most adventurous dish of the night was the Cervello. It's basically lamb's brain wrapped in a crispy salty bacon wrap. It sounds crazy but the brain is very light and has the texture of cream-cheese. It was a fun dish.  Of course, if you want to be less adventurous there are plenty of pastas, pizzas and entrees to choose from. The table next to us had some younger kids and the kitchen was able to accommodate making simple pastas for them.
4, Came here to try their charcoal lamb skewers; in my opinion, didn't have enough flavour, lacking cumin taste.. Which is really easy to fix.  Tried a whole bunch of items on their menu, popcorn chicken, Taiwanese fried chicken, taco wasabi, calamari, chicken wings, beef skewers, Chinese sausages, rib skewers, gizzards... I felt the flavouring needed more work.. But that's just my opinion. Some of my friends said it was good and others felt the same as me.  Been here a few more times (this is the only Asian style bar food on Main St). The food, in my opinion did get better. Can't wait till summer to come here with friends and just sit on the patio to drink beer and eat skewers while checking out Main Street!! Will definitely be back and recommend to others.  Overall experience is good, Korean waitresses are hot!!  Nice place to throw darts, watch sports on tv, and chill out on Main Street!!!  Once summer comes around, I'm sure the smell and sight of the lambs skewers will just sell itself!!!  Super happy they have this type of food on Main Street now!! Price is not bad considering its Main Street. Love chilling on Main Street in the summer time!!
1, I HATE THIS SHIPPING COMPANY... BUYER BEWARE!!  I placed an order with vitacost.com on 10/12/14 and I was very excited when they shipped it out that very night and received a "delivered" the very next day! I went to get my mail at the leasing office and they never got my package, in fact it is Memorial Day and no mail, no packages. I found that to be strange, so I said that my package says that it was signed for by a Robert E. and they claimed that no Roberts are employed.  So I called the neighboring leasing office and they said the same thing... weird. SO I called Ontrac and they claim that the driver delivered it and I should have it, just go to Robert E. I explained that we have no such person.  So her bright idea was "oh just call vitacost.com maybe they will issue you a refund or replacement." I said "I tried them already, since you said it was delivered, I am S.O.L!" and she then decided that she will ask the driver what happened and call me back. *Right like the driver is going to say "Yeah I lost her package, my bad."   2 days later I get a call back, she says "The driver says he placed it at the leasing office and it is there now."  I put her on hold and with my 2nd line I called my leasing office and nope sure enough, not there.  SO I asked her to have the driver call me when he is there so I can prove it to you all that you're at the wrong property.  The lady told me that she can't do that. But she will contact him again and call back.   The next day, I get another call from Ontrac, this time they say that the driver is adamant that he placed a door tag on my unit number and left the package in the leasing office.  So I said "ok that sounds ok if the driver is lying out of his a$$!" She said "He swears." I said "I would like you to tell me... do I have an apartment number on my address?" She looked and said "Um, Oh, Um, No... there is no apartment number listed."  I then said "Then how the Hell did your driver leave me a Door tag???? He didn't, because your driver is a LIAR, since I know for a fact that my leasing office wouldn't have given him my apartment number!" She said she would call him and then call me back.   2 days later: I get another call, now from a completely different person, trying to sell me that last bit of garbage from the previous call, about the door tag nonsense.  She then decided that she would call me back.   After 3 more days of no contact, I decided I would email them a letter of "WTF happened to my package!" I am still waiting for a response.   However I did get a refund finally from Paypal.com of all places! I opened a claim and stated my case and they sided with me.
1, If I could give this place 0 stars, I would.  I have been coming here since they opened about six years ago. I am always serviced by Robert, who is the only good thing at this place and he will soon see he is simply too good for the people he works for.  One day, I decided to try the blow dry bar. I had a great experience with a nice girl. I then called to schedule another appointment with her and did not remember her name, so I referred to her as the white girl and then there were two other African American girls who work there.  The girl that I usually saw was not there this day, so I asked if they had any other people working who weren't the African American girls because I thought they only did hair cuts and African American girls hair. Either way, it is none of their business why or who I wanted to do my hair. I am the one PAYING!  I tried scheduling an appointment for my massage about a week later and the owner Scott gets on the phone and calls me racist and tells me that he does not want me to return to the spa. WOW! He then said he would call me back that day to talk further. He never returned my call. I had to physically go there and have the receptionist call him to give me a call. Talk about unprofessional.   I never wanted to cause any problems here, but Eva, the owners wife, has not once acknowledged my existence when I'm spending thousands and thousands of dollars at her spa! And to think I wanted to be serviced by someone who doesn't even say hello to me or introduce themselves. Now I'm here to tell the truth about the sick minds behind this business.  They rail people in with their promotions and then when you go to pay, they only will accept one gift card per transaction. Do not waste your money at this place. They are frauds and make false accusations.  Also, the owner said he just fired an employee for making racial comments. What do you expect from a spa in the middle of FOX CHAPEL?! Every women who walks in that door has been fed with a silver spoon and more.
5, Sorry for a lack of pictures.  My daughter wanted sushi, so yelp led me here.  She got her $5 California Roll and I ordered their all you can eat for $25.  Now, I'm not competition eater, but he couldn't have possibly made any money off me, seriously.  I ate about five $10 rolls, my favorite being, "I need water", which was spicy but not too spicy.  I had some specialty dishes that were fried, "monkey brains", being my favorite and I also had some sashimi.  All the dishes have less rice then what I'm use to.  It really allowed me to taste more of the flavors and not just get filled up with rice.  I had my camera with me, with the best of intentions, but everything looked and tasted so good, that I couldn't wait to just dig in.  Most of the sushi places I have been to, all taste the same, with very few standouts.  To some degree, we want a California Roll to taste the same, but I have been looking for more flavor for quite some time.  I found it here.  I'm hoping he'll still be in business the next time I'm in town, because I would like to be back.  My fear is that he'll continue to lose money by people like me...
1, Ugh. I despise Kinko's. I despise everything about Kinko's. I don't even know where to begin. Buckle in, this is bound to be long winded.  Once upon a time, I thought Kinko's was this magical place full of neat machines and free paperclips that was constantly full of cool projects and was hopping twenty four hours a day. Then I began to need to use them for my job, and that's just when all the trouble began. First of all, very few Kinko's, if any, are even open twenty four hours a day anymore! But that was just the initial crack in their facade for me. See, I used to be able to just email them a document as an attachment, and put instructions in the body of the email. Then I would follow up with a call to make sure they got the file, which they always did. They would tell me over the phone when I could pick it up, and the orders were always on time.   THEN everything changed. They no longer accept email orders. They have created the most complicated and horribly bass-ackwards program on their website to upload documents. I understand why they did it, and I'm not saying it's a bad idea. I'm just saying the program needs some major overhauling because it never ever ever EVER works right. Either I can't explain what I need to them through their structured questions, or it won't upload right, or the submit button doesn't work. Then, once I finally get it to work, I have to call them 20-30 minutes later. Generally, they still haven't received my file by my first call. So I call back. I'm left on hold forever, and when they return, they still have to ask a billion questions about my order because their system doesn't tell them what they need to know. It takes virtually forever.  I really feel for the employees at Kinko's. I once worked for a copy shop, and I know how hectic things can get. That being said, I have never witnessed more incompetent help in my life. I don't blame any of the individuals that work there, Kinko's probably just has provided very little useful training for them. But still, I dread going in there. Even to simply pick up a completed order, it will take no less than 30 minutes.  On top all of that, Kinko's is expensive. Needlessly so. Simply because they have a stranglehold over the copying business gives them no right to charge those ridiculous rates for various services. Blow it out your a$$, Kinko's!
3, The stars on are for the delicious food, fresh ingredients, and the attentive staff... Specially the lady that keeps calling you 'my friend'. The stars off are for the high prices on the delicious food, the extra fee for the fresh ingredients, and the lady that makes an effort to call you  'honey', but makes no effort to disclose the extra charges ***BE AWARE WHEN YOU ORDER**** they charge extra for the sour cream, the dressing, the guacamole, and every other tiny thing it seems. I ordered a burrito that was only $7.99 on the menu, but somehow became a $13 item by the time of check out :/ I was almost in shock when I got the price. It feels almost like a bait and switch. No restaurant manager should ever be proud that people think they have a bait and switch. This happens only when they don't care. But mostly likely they don't even read the reviews either because no restaurant owner should ever be content with a 3 stars restaurant. If that was the case, they would know how important the reviews are. If they don't care, I personally don't either. It's a shame, because they do have fresh ingredients, great taste and a cool staff, but oh well.
4, 4.5 stars because of the great service and the rolls/sushi made with minimal rice. Each piece of roll was not that big so it makes it easier to try more variety of rolls. We had a large party of 10 + 2 kids and they gave us the room to the front that was walled off to the side. That accommodated us perfectly! It was Friday night too at 7pm and we were seated pretty much right away!  The waitress- Raynee?- was very sweet and attentive to us. She even offered to split the check into two separate ones to make it easier for us. They also didn't make a big deal about several people in the party not getting the AYCE but only getting a teriyaki plate.  There were so many rolls to choose from. Yeah, the sushi was not the freshest I've tasted in my life, but was pretty good quality and I like the small cuts so it's not too filling. The skewers were really small and I think it was limited to one piece per. There were also a few other items on the menu which are limited to one per person. Next time I'm visiting Vegas, I'd return with several people again so we can try a more variety of rolls!
3, The meat jun is a solid four stars. The thinly sliced meat, covered in a nice mixture of egg batter with a bit of sweets and then cooked to tenderness.  The meat jun did not disappoint, but I can't say the same for the rest of our meal.  I'm still on the fence about their dipping sauce too.  The soon tofu, came out bubbling hot, but it was not in abundance of tofu and the soup was more runny because of lack of ingredients in this dish.  The taste wasn't too bad, good amount of spice, just lack luster overall.    The bulgogi in my opinion is always the sweetest dish.  it's never really the best cut of meat, sometimes fatty, but then once in a while, you get lucky.  I would say, mediocre for this dish.    The seafood pancake was not cooked to crisp at all.  The batter was too heavy, making it a mushy pancake versus a more nicely cooked, no soggy batter in your mouth feeling.  The seafood was okay, but I wouldn't order this dish again.    The worst of it all, was the banchan sides.  The kimchi, seaweed, cucumbers were all super dry.  You can see the marinade, but it was like it was sitting there all day and just lacked the water that vegetables are suppose to have.    Service can be better, but the lady has all tables to herself.  I guess someone called in sick today?  It's a fairly cheap meal for Korean food.    Long story short, come for the meat jun and that's it.
1, Ordered fried noodles. NOT GOOD AT ALL. All I tasted was the OIL. There wasn't much but there wasn't any salt, soy, garlic, I MEAN NOTHING. That's why I was able to taste the OIL on the noodles. There wasn't even a soy sauce package in my bag.   You want REAL, TASTY, HAWAIIN FOOD, CHECK OUT ISLAND FLAVOR off Durango. THE BEST.  ok - Why did I call and spoke w/Judith (acting supervisor) and 2 THUMBS DOWN really now.  I told her that my chicken looked and tasted like it was from yesterday. And she totally didn't hear what I was telling her. She kept repeating that they use "fresh" chicken everyday. Please your a supervisor OF COURSE your gona say that BUT if the customer is telling you that the chicken is NOT FRESH ummm get a clue. Then she tells me that I have to bring the food back. OK WAIT LET ME THROW IT UP N BRING IT BACK. Hello this was my lunch time. I don't have time to take it back after work either. And she tells me that in order for me to get a refund OR another dish..I have to bring it back...wwhhaatt!!! OMG. Please hire a SMART, PROFESSIONAL supervisor that knows how to HANDLE these types of situations. I tell her that as a customer when someone calls and says there food is BAD it should be an AUTOMATIC thing to offer the customer a refund OR come back ANY DAY WITHOUT THE LEFT OVERS and pick something else. She mentioned to me that the reason why they ask customers to bring food back is because they HAVE ALOT OF PEOPLE CALLING IN and say THERE FOOD WASN'T GOOD...UGH HUGE CLUE, RED FLAG...Im not the only one..Get a clue Aloha Kitchen..IF YOUR GETTING ALOT OF PHONE CALLS, I would highly take it seriously on why your location is getting a lot of phone calls on how BAD YOUR FOOD IS...
1, First day, thought I would try them out. The concept is good, but the execution seems flawed. I don't really know what i was expecting - I guess that the sausage would taste a lot different from a cheap BBQ'd Toronto street food hot dog - it really didn't. They might be home made and (possibly) one would assume nitrate free, but they didn't taste that much different. Even the hot dog buns are the same as the ones you get on the street (i.e. the exactly the same - yes, that cheap-ass bread that goes soggy the moment any moisture hits it). Surely a gourmet hot dog deserves at least a home made gourmet bun to go with it? We had two hot dogs. They both came with a rather nasty creamy coleslaw that doesn't really work too well in a hot dog. A portion of fries was greasy and soggy. Tastier sauerkraut can be found in the supermarket.  Service was fine and friendly - the place wasn't busy. However, they will need to move faster when there is a rush on.  The drinks on offer are actually more appealing than the food - very decent and surprisingly varied beer selection and home made sodas.  So onto value - with tax these hot dogs are pushing $10 a piece (some are over that). Are they 3x better than some of the hot dog vendors on the street? No. More importantly - would we recommend this place or be going back? - unfortunately not.   Overall just really disappointing. I know it is the first day, but there are some fundamental misses here on the taste side of the house - the service was fine. We had high hopes for this concept, but I think we will stick with the gourmet burgers for now.
1, MOST UNPROFESSIONAL BUSINESS LADY I HAVE EVER MET!! This woman is VERY rude and charges EXTRA for everything including shoes with your tuxedo rental. She has everyone in the party come in for "measurements" then when you come back to try on your clothes NOTHING FITS!!!! Im pretty sure she does this on purpose because she charges for each alteration on your dress!! The men's tuxedos DID not fit so we had to wait while she did alterations. Her alterations are done half fast and are very noticeable. It is VERY HOT in her place and her dressing rooms are very dark. Trying on clothes in this place is disgusting because its HOT in there! She has her kids running around everywhere and makes her workers take care of her kids as well as take care of the customers needs! Her workers are overwhelmed and frustrated because ALL the customers are complaining to them because none of the clothes fits! Tuxedos are OLD and dingy! The white shirts have stains and some of the pants have cigarette burns in them! DO NOT PUT YOURSELF THRU THE HELL WE WENT THRU WITH THIS LADY AND GO ELSEWHERE!!! SAVE YOURSELF THE FRUSTRATION!!!
4, I was in the area with family, headed to a concert at Celebrity Theater. We stopped in here to have dinner and it was pretty good. It's far from me and I wouldn't make the trip just to eat here, but if I was in the area, I'd definitely come back.  It's a bit pricey. Two two-meat platters (comes with two sides), one pulled pork meal (one side), 3 drinks and tip was $56~  Ribs and brisket were decent, not the best, but better than most. I make ribs at home, so I'm super picky about these.  My wife and my dad both said the pulled pork was excellent. I thought their BBQ sauce was original and very tasty. I assume they're making it in house and that it's not a commercial restaurant product.  Mac and cheese was ok, with a good flavor but the texture was off. It was quite mushy. My wife loves green beans and she said they were really good. I had collard greens and these were cooked perfectly. I'm used to them being cooked with smoked meat for flavor. These were not, but were still tender and nicely seasoned.  Portions are the right size.  I think we stopped in like 30 minutes to closing, so that could explain the Mac and Cheese.  Really nice people running the place, were welcoming and courteous.
5, Having just moved to the Charlotte area, I found myself in need of a bedroom suite. After looking up several area furniture stores online, I found a great-looking bed at Rooms to Go Furniture's website, so my wife and I decided to visit the store.  Rooms to Go has a very attractive showroom and is designed to appeal to the visual senses. Rooms to Go specializes in modern style furniture, unlike many of the other, more conservative, furniture stores in the immediate area. If you are looking for a more hip, modern look, Rooms to Go is where you want to start looking.  We were helped immediately by our salesman upon entering the store. He was able to locate the bed I was interested in and assisted me in finding the appropriate mattress for it as well. I ended up purchasing a matching chest of drawers and end table.   We were assured that all the items were in stock and would be delivered on 2/29 to our home. The delivery people arrived on time today and had the entire bedroom assembled within 40 minutes. They were extremely professional and efficient.  I plan to make Rooms to Go my place to go for any other furniture we may need. We will be in the market for a sofa or chairs coming up and this is definitely where we will begin our search.
2, Visited Compadres for the first time yesterday with a friend who was in from out of town -- we both love Mexican food and the Yelp reviews were good so thought we'd give it a try. We arrived around 12:30, and the place was not super packed but obviously busy. The decor was sparse but nice and fairly modern. We were greeted twice promptly, and told we'd be seated momentarily, which we were. Free chips and salsa were delivered -- my companion noted that the chips seemed like Doritos without any of the cheese or Cool Ranch flavoring on them, as they were perfect triangles and there was nothing special about them. The two "salsas" that came with the chips were flavorful but super watery, with no chunks of veggies or even any thickness to them -- when you dipped your chip, liquid just ran off and nothing stuck. Blah. Our server (not sure of his name -- on the receipt, it only said "Server") had the personality of a wall: not friendly, barely smiled, and had no recommendations whatsoever. We each ordered a margarita, and were asked if we wanted a small ($6.50) or large ($9.00). When we asked about the size difference, he couldn't explain it with either words (ounces) OR his hands (???) so we decided to just try the small size. VERY disappointing -- the glass was FULL of ice cubes, and I literally think I took about five medium-sized sips before it was gone. Also, it tasted mostly like water, with very little lime flavor and clearly less alcohol. For $6.50 it was a MAJOR ripoff. On to the food. Between the two of us, we ordered the tableside guacamole, one plate of three tacos, and one plate of a tostada and a taco. The tableside guacamole was made by a VERY sweet and friendly woman (maybe one of the owners?) who chatted with us through the making of it -- her bright personality was pretty much the only redeeming part of the whole meal. The guac was yummy, and we loved that it was customizable (you got to choose which of about six extra ingredients were mixed in), but it was made with only a single avocado and a few mix-ins and not worth the $8.49 price tag -- we were not even offered any extra chips beyond those already served with our "salsas." When the tacos and tostada were delivered, I was shocked: my friend's tostada was a normal size and looked tasty, but the tacos were TINY, maybe 4" across (at least 2-3" less than a "normal" corn tortilla). The filling was decent (I ordered one steak, one campechanos, and one pastor), but nothing to write home about. Our server checked in with us a few times during the meal, but made it seem like it was an inconvenience for him, plus never took any of our empties off the table or asked me if I wanted a second margarita (perhaps he couldn't see that it was empty due to ALL THE ICE STILL IN THE GLASS). He gave us our check before we were even done eating, and rushed us out at the end of our meal (even though the place was nearly empty by then) which was quite disappointing. I can't recommend this place, and I won't be back.
3, I'm a big fan of FOX Restaurants, but just had an ok experience.  The decor and service were great especially for an after work rush.  Although, it is truly a verbatim Happy Hour that ends at 6pm.  Not the biggest fan of a short happy hour, but I understand that Downtown doesn't draw the same volume of people after work as Tempe or Scottsdale.  We decided to sit at the hightop bar so we could get a great view of the place.  It's a very open concept with a nice view into the hustling kitchen and outward view of the US Airways Center.  Great urban vibe.  The food is where it fell a little short. The Salmon sounded great with farro, fennel, and roasted apples, but didn't live up to it's $22 price tag.  Portion size was decent, but nothing outstanding about the flavor.  Maybe my time in NYC has spoiled my taste buds.  Our bartender was also a bourbon drinker and recommended the Candlestick Maker.  She made a great drink.  I tried the Turkey Sloppy Joe feeling that the poblano peppers would pair well with the bourbon, but should have trusted my gut and figured that the sloppy joe was probably part of the kids menu.  Could really use some more zest and kick.  Overall, it's a nice addition to CityScape and will definitely try to make happy hour again.  Oh, the Artichoke Hummus was the best part of the night.  Make sure to dip in.
2, I was thinking this would be quicker than going to my normal one on Northern.  It may be a bit closer but getting back out of the parking lot on to Camelback West bound takes forever.  That's not the reason for the loss of a star.  I ordered one of my favorite burgers, a bacon guacamole six dollar burger.  I got it to go with a side salad and a small drink ($7.89 as a combo).  I should have known something wasn't quite right when my order was up faster than I could fill my drink at the fountain.  The meat was very well done and not very hot.  A burger choice that is normally very messy to eat with guac and meat juices and such running all over the place was sorta dry. And even picking the burger up in my hands it felt cool.  The side salad was OK.  The bright spot in this was the staff.  I was greeted before I could get to the counter by everyone except the cook.  And on my way out I was thanked for coming in by the manager and two other staff.  Fast food is nice but if by getting really fast the quality goes away you haven't gained anything.  I may give them another chance but not much further away is another location that has always gotten it right.
4, I was finally able to go to Winterlicious dinner this year after previous attempts of organizing such events with no luck. What went from 6 people turned into 11 amazing group of friends going to dinner together. Midi is relatively small and cozy bistro but the staff handled our large group very well. The Winterlicious menu was only $25.00 and I would say you definitely get your dollars worth.   As a starter I had the Salad Midi which was nice and light way start to my meal. It was made with mixed greens, prosciutto, asiago cheese, dried berries & pesto drizzle.  But of course, I had to steal from others plates as well. The Crostini was superb as well! For the main, I decided to go with the Fettuccini with Black Tiger Shrimp, Atlantic Salmon, Mussels, Roasted Red Peppers, Baby Spinach in a Rose Sauce. I was slightly disappointed with the main. I wish they had made the salmon and red peppers into bigger pieces instead of blending it into the sauce. The Black Tiger Shrimp was amazing and fresh though. For dessert I had the Profiteroles which is Choux Pastry with Vanilla ice Cream & Hot Chocolate Sauce. It was my first time trying Profiteroles and I have to say I didn't enjoy them as much as I would have liked to. The Choux Pastry tasted somewhat like soggy pancakes because the ice cream was melting and the Hot Chocolate Sauce tasted like store bought chocolate sauce. There was nothing special about it.    Overall, I had a fantastic time at Midi. The service was fantastic. The washroom was kept clean. The portions were great. Definitely will go back but this time with a smaller group or just a romantic date! ;)
4, It's true, Charlotte is home to some real "famous Chicken 'n Biscuits," but I think the award is currently contested. Damn Holler & Dash, I tell you what, there's some magic going on behind that counter. I guess I should elaborate!  Around here is where I'd typically insert the obvious hollaback one liner. I'll yield to the other reviews, you beat me to it! When you walk in, the warm, natural interior design makes you feel very welcome. Good use of several elements such as stone, timber, and an exposed ceiling give the whole dining area a spacious atmosphere. When I visited Saturday morning it was very clean and ready for a big rush.  Speaking of rush, if you want a calm visit then make sure you stop by as early as possible (they open at 7am every morning). The place fills up very fast. Fortunately they have a TON of staff on hand to handle to the heavy hours.  My first visit I tried one of the signature biscuits: Chicken Set Go! There was a bit of a sticker shock on the price at $9, however once you get it, you'll see that this is no ordinary biscuit. First of all, it's HUGE. I mean the top half of the biscuit is larger than the whole of what you'd get at most places. This particular creation had moist, seasoned fried chicken topped with pimento cheese, pickled jalapeno, sorghum, and served with a side.  It's a winner! Wow, that chicken tho. The chicken was moist, and had the right concoction of spices. Perfectly breaded and fried right on the money. Just the right amount of crunch for a best-case biscuit. Pimento cheese provided a delicious creaminess and the pickled jalapenos the right amount of sour astringency to redline all of my tastebuds. Who knew a biscuit could be this complex, yet all come together to make the breakfast of your dreams? What I thought was overpriced at first all the sudden had a ton of value in size, taste, and presentation.  The cheese grits were very good. A lot of "Southern Breakfast" places around here give you a bowl of grits that look almost watered down, for me the thicker the better and here they do it right. Very well seasoned too, which is not always a gimme when it comes to grits. The kitchen staff has really proven themselves with my breakfast.  The only problem for the rest of my day was that I was ready to take a nap about 20 minutes after eating this! Southern comfort meets upscale living, granny got nothing on this.
5, I just came here for the first time last week with a friend and I'm bummed I waited so long! Don't be like me and put off coming because the menu seems too fancy. It doesn't matter if you don't know what it is, it's all delicious :p I loved it so much that I brought the boyfriend back in the same week for date night! Everything is top notch here from the food to the service to the ambience. It's low-lit, romantic and BYOB! What more could you ask for? The food is fresh and super flavorful and their menu changes often. First time I had the ramen noodle bowl that came with pork belly, shrimp and a soft egg. So good. The second time I got the wagyu meatloaf that comes topped with crispy fried onions on top of a bed of goat cheese whipped mashed potatoes. Out of this world. We also had the side of honey brussel sprouts which is one of the best things I've ever eaten!! The service is very friendly, knowledgeable and attentive. Never waited too long for anything. Our table was a little awkwardly positioned which led to our waiter bumping into us a few times so he gave us a free dessert as an apology, which was a nice touch and also so good! Excited to have a great new place in the date night rotation. Seriously go- you will not be disappointed!!
3, I usually visit here once every six months or so to meet up with old friends. I would not say it's our favourite restaurant for lunch, but it's definitely our default when we want an Asian fusion joint with a quiet atmosphere. There is a lot of natural light that streams into the small space during their operational hours, so that most likely contributes to this too, mood-wise.   Its concept is nice: western cafe meals (eg. Pastas, casseroles, fries, etc.) with a Japanese twist.   Even though I have a penchant for Japanese fusion cuisine, this cafe falls flat. When I first went here the servers were attentive and the food had a more memorable flavour. Now, the servers never swing by at all. Some may like this, but when one expects bottomless coffee to be refilled, this doesn't sit well. After receiving your food, don't expect servers to even look at you again (the two servers were too busy talking to each other near the cash register). I heard that there is a revolving door of workers here, so this may be why the staff seem less professional than I remember.  As such, be warned about the bill: I asked for split bills, but one waitress said that wouldn't be possible unless we paid in cash, whereas on my second attempt another waitress had split the bills for us without question. The food was nothing special either. I got the crab rice casserole, which hardly had any crab meat at all and which  tasted like a casserole from any corner HK style cafe.
3, One of my hobbies is visiting golf stores.  I very seldom buy anything, but I love to look, try new clubs, and see all the products that will supposedly make me a scratch golfer.  So once every couple of weeks, I visit all the golf stores in the area.  I had heard of Golfsmith through national advertising, but had never been to the local store.  So I added Golfsmith to my rotation.  They are located in a shopping center in North Scottsdale, in a nondescript location next to Staples.  They are hard to find, and not really convenient, but they do have a well stocked store.           Although they do not have the volume of the PGA Superstore, they have the same selections (just in smaller quantity) and can order any custom club you want.  They also have a swing area, several pros on staff, and club repair.  Their apparel selection is average, but tasteful.  One of the advantages of Golfsmith is that they stock Titleist products, which the PGA Superstore does not (they are in a contract dispute with Acushnet).   The staff at Golfsmith, for the most part, are very friendly, and helpful.  They will answer your questions, but are not pushy or over selling, and will simply let you browse without bothering you.  This is definitely a nice option for killing time looking at or talking about golf.
4, This place is truly some of the best fusion of American and Vietnamese fusion food I've ever had. Located about fifteen minutes from the vegas strip, district one is superb at bringing intense flavors to each customers dish.  Some of the dishes they are known for are the oxtail fried rice, the oxtail pho, the Mekong soup ( I believe it's made with beef, shrimp, fish balls, and pork. Also there known for the Grilled squid and the fish tacos. So when my wife and I took out friend there we offered half the menu, Lol...with no regrets. We had to eat the oxtail fried rice, pork buns, grilled squid and a few other entrees.   The oxtail fried rice was a bit salty but very unique in texture and taste. We enjoyed it and would definite try it again. The grilled squid had ok it had a few to much of a burnt taste to it and I couldn't enjoy it like I thought I could. The fish tacos we ordered didn't come with soft tacos like I was hoping they would. They were very small in size and reminded me of fried wontons. Although the fish was very small the fresh vegetables on it had great flavor and was refreshing for my tastebuds.   All in all we were satisfied with our good and the staff is very nice and attentive here. They provided excellent customer service and had no problem helping us with our orders and offer us their sound advice about dishes.  Overall we had about six dishes and our bill was about seventy dollars and that's before the tip. The serving sizes are decent and filling. Another great aspect about this location is that there open from 11am- 3pm everyday. That's definitely great when you wanna late night meal and don't wanna deal with the crowds.
4, My hubby and I went here on Valentine's Day. It was our first time there. Even though it is BYOB, we were not prepared and did not have a bottle with us.  Then, when I checked in on Yelp, I was surprised to see that an offer popped up for a free glass of wine.  When I asked the waitress about it, she asked the owner, who came over and made sure we each got a small glass of red wine!  Pleasant surprise.  The restaurant is in a small, intimate space. Tables are close together, and the wait staff is very friendly and seems like part of a family.  The owner came up to our table and greeted us and chatted with us.  The relaxed atmosphere made it feel as if we were at a large family event, like a wedding reception.  The food was great. We had a selection of cold and warm appetizers, and a shish kabob entree.  Having been to Istanbul, I was hoping for a vibe that might take me back... and I must say, it did not disappoint!  For a special occasion or just a dinner out on any night of the week, I definitely recommend Istanbul Sofra.
5, Where Humble may have fallen short for other Yelpers in the past, it surpassed expectations for my family and I this past Saturday.   Let me start by saying we came in during the dinner rush on a Saturday and were able to immediately sit at the bar area. While the patio and dinning room were packed, the bar seats in front of the wood/stone oven were open! Who wouldn't want to watch them artfully craft delicious food? I could have sat there alone and been completely entertained. Instead, the staff dazzled my family and I as we relaxed and perused the menu.   As far as service goes, I left over a 20% tip if that gives you any indication of how our meal went. I prefer bar service. I don't like the over-attention of being seated in dinning rooms and served. At the bar I always feel like I'm getting a more genuine experience without being suffocated. The gent at Humble Wine Bar did a great job of exactly that--great, quick service without being bothered. He took our orders, offered some feedback and even had a witty comeback for dad, who often loves teasing our servers at restaurants. My mom spilled her beer on her entire pizza and despite insisting she didn't want another pie, he put in an order and didn't charge us. Like I said, great service.  My dad loves wine and pizza, which is a big reason why we came here--but mostly the wine. He enjoyed the two glasses of red he had and compared them to the varieties he had tried on his recent trip to France. I also enjoyed the rose cava and the red I tried. But really, any restaurant or bar that offers great sparkling wine or cava by the glass is awesome in my book.   We ordered the margherita and soppressata pizzas to share. My mom tried the house salad and my dad and I split the caprese with prosciutto. Both the salad and caprese dish were delicious. Where some felt the house salad fell short without adequate dressing, we found it perfectly dressed. All the flavors of the spicy greens paired with the currants were present without the dressing taking over the entire dish. And there was no trace of the overuse of oil. I often make vinaigrettes at home and find a lot of restaurants do them wrong. They are actually more oil than anything else, but must be properly emulsified to taste balanced. The caprese was awesome with thick slices of house-made mozzarella, heirloom tomatoes and a light drizzle of balsamic reduction. The dish also came with two hunks of freshly baked bread and a mound of some of the best prosciutto I've had in a long time.  The pizzas were perfectly cooked right in front of us in their 800+ degree wood stone oven. The crusts were perfectly bubbled and chewy without being too thick or thin. The sauce was well-balanced and you could taste their house-made mozzarella melted on top.   Something tells me I'm going to have a hard time convincing my family to try any other restaurants next time we have plans to eat out in Lakewood.
4, I scheduled my 2008 Malibu in for a recall notice I had received back in December 2012. The letter said schedule an appointment after january, so I waited for June.Henderson Chevrolet had just gone through a major facelift and took about a minute to get use to. So I found Larry and Ray, both service advisors I have had an opportunity to trust in years past. I left my car and visited Tom the service manager and then I strolled through the showroom and said hello the Greg in passing as I made my way to the parts counter. I decided to purchase new wiper blades for my Malibu since they only last two months in Las Vegas heat. I asked Larry to toss them in the backseat so I wouldn't have to call them around with me. By 9:30 am , the technician "jasperson", was parking my car in the pick up area. I picked up my receipt and keys and went to my car, and the wiper blades were already installed on my car and the windshield was cleaned. A very nice touch for a warranty ticket. Good service overall.
3, I've never been more convinced that Trinity Bellwoods Park is the remnants of the crater caused by an alien crash site than after last year's Nuit Blanche.  Wandering through this park after dark is eerie enough, but wading through it at 3am in the fog?  With all kinds of people dazedly roaming around staring at creepy art installations?  Priceless.  This park offers some rare downtown hill climbing, which is great if you want to add a little switch to your workout routine (or if you just like rolling down hills).  In the midst of fall foliage season or the first blooms of spring, heading down to Trinity Bellwoods for a little nature loving is practically a requisite pilgrimage.  And while it's a little less impressive than the more Westerly High Park, you are certainly going to feel a little sigh of green relief after an afternoon's frolick (preferably after brunch to work off the Hollandaise-related fog).    This city can be so gray at times, especially if your neighborhood has more concrete than grass.  Stepping into the park for a few hours' stroll is a huge way to decompress.  The best thing is to go watch all the dogs running around, so happy to be out of their tiny confines and running about, meeting new friends and chasing them around.  Who knows, maybe you'll meet and chase a new friend too!
5, Reading the reviews for this place cracks me up, mostly because they are all true, the 1 stars and the 5 stars...too funny.   Yes, the biz operates in a very counter intuitive manner, I mean come on, cash only (they do now have an ATM at the front, after 70+ years in biz...), no restroom, the employees are anything but friendly, even when they call your number, they say "24", not even "number 24" or "now serving..." just the number, and in such a disgusted tone. And nothing but outside seating in the scorching heat (although they do have misters)?   But really, would any other tactics do this place justice? The place is nasty, in a nasty part of town, what, should they have spent some money unnecessarily, given the place a little spit shine, made it pretty, trained the staff to be more chick fil A like? No across the board, their biz is perfectly in line with the totality of their circumstances.    Now, where I do disagree with the 1 star reviews is the food. It may be nothing more than "glorified fish sticks" accompanied by "watered down ketchup", but dammit that watered down ketchup has el pato sauce in it and the fish sticks are much larger than the kind you buy at the store, plus they are deep fried. So five stars for the food!   My wife gets so angry because this is my chosen place for birthday lunch each year. I must admit, there is a component of nostalgia to my five stars and that would be due to the re-enactment of cherished moments of my youth (as I shed a lone tear...) because Pete's was one of the few strong holds that continued to offer Dr. Slice after many others stopped. Anyone remember Dr. Slice? How they ever stopped making that, I will never know.   Any who, should I ever find myself on death row requesting my last meal, Pete's Fish and Chips will lay claim to that honor!
4, If you people really think that this Safeway is all that ghetto then I'd hate to see your asses try to get by on the east coast...or maybe LA.    Granted, this Safeway does have its share of transients (who overnight at the park across the street), but all in all it's a pretty good grocery store.  For the most part it's clean. They provide those sani-wipes at the front door, and the wine and floral selection is kickin.  On occasion, I've seen some check-out mayhem, but for the most part they do a good job (during daylight hours anyway) of adding checkers when needed and are usually very helpful and pleasant (considering they're being paid minimum wage to do a job that you do yourself at Fresh & Easy or any supermarket on the east coast).  I will say I was bummed today when I did 95% of my shopping only to get to the end and find that they had neither the brats, nor Italian sausage I was looking for and i had to make a double grocery excursion to hit up the ghetto Fry's on Thomas.  I also have to give this Safeway props, b/c while my fave Starbucks (in the same shopping center) was being renovated, that S'buck's kiosk kept me amped in the AM.
1, Since they started delivery, in-person service has become very hit and miss. I've had 15-20 minute waits for my order, including one situation where they forgot to put the order in, and one where they forgot to give me my completed sandwich for 15 minutes.   My most recent visit resulted in a sandwich with what I'd consider to be ingredients-gone-bad. I brought the sandwich down and returned it and felt like the manager in charge at the time was defensive and unhelpful. Since I can no longer trust the food, I have since not been back (nearly two months now).   When Byte is good, it's great. But recently there has been more bad days than good, and I hear constant complaints  from co-workers about how good it used to be and how shoddy everything has become.   I suspect Byte has been a victim of its own success, and doesn't really have the infrastructure to handle both delivery and in-person pick up.   I'm really disappointed. The sandwiches can be really decent, if over-priced. But it's so unpredictable.
1, I use to love this place however I had a bad experience there on Saturday night. A few friends and I came after hitting some bars at midnight to grab a bite to eat and have some beers. The waitress (a stubby Caucasian lady) came over and we asked about their beers - she promptly turned a drink menu to us. Then we asked about the shooters they had and she rudely said "uh like all of them". Okay. I think part of your job should be to know at least a few of those shooters and beers to recommend to customers. It was apparent she didn't want to be there.   Later on, the bill came to $46 so my friends put down two twentys and a ten. The waitress came over and said "you need change?" and we did not. I did not want my friends to pay for me but I only had a $50 bill with me. She saw that I wanted to pay for my own meal so she came over to me and quickly said "Your meal was $10, if I give you two twentys (from the pile) and take your fifty, then you have paid for your meal". Me, being a bit buzzed and tired said "Sure" and then she quickly took my fifty AND the ten dollar bill. Right away my friend realized "You know we tipped her $14 for shitty service right?" I was appalled - it felt like she manipulated me in order to get $10 more tip. I would be ok with tipping 30% IF the server was friendly and actually made it seem like she wanted to be there but she didn't. The waitress didn't come back with the change. I hate being played so I asked the other waitress there if we could have the change back and I would leave the tip on the table. We then watched as the other waitress talked to our waitress in the corner clearly throwing shade and talking shit about us. And boy, did she take her time getting the change. My friends were "too prideful" to stay and wait for the change but I'm quite sure she had no intention of bringing it to us.   I use to work as a waitress and I NEVER would assume that I could keep the change nor would I ever manipulate customers to tip me more. The next day I called and explained the situation to a worker there and she took my name and number and said she would call back later - she never did. Obviously, a $10 loss isn't a big deal at all (even though I am a poor student). However, I don't like how she manipulated the situation and took advantage of customers. Really disappointing
2, Discount Tires does some things very well, sell tires, get cars in and out very quickly and professionally. If there is a problem with the tires that isn't typical, their customer service skills and professionalism weren't apparent to me...   I purchased a set of wheels and tires for my truck in July of 2011, have had a constant vibration at highway speeds since these were installed (until this past Wednesday, new tires from Firestone, they match prices too, go figure). Returning week after week (I work during the week, would go here on Saturdays) didn't solve it, they'd re-balance, tell me they were going to torque the rims with the vehicle up in the air, tell me they would do a road force balancing, etc. then blame the truck!  I have lifetime alignments on the truck, every 5k there is an oil change, alignment adjustment and rotate and balancing. Front end has been checked by Nissan, Firestone and yours truly.  I don't think things have changed that much in the industry from 15 years ago where I would call the manufacturer of the tire and work out a pro-ration and exchange for a different type of tire (customer pays for tread used) when a tire just doesn't work on a vehicle or someone isn't satisfied with the tires. I was at the point where I was ready to purchase 2 new to replace the worn and talk to Yokohama about pro-rating the other 2. Almost 3 years of "trying", we're done.   Straw the broke the camel's back though was their selective measurement of the tire tread. 4 months ago, I was measured at 5/32nds (new is 10-12 and legally bald is 2-3). 2 months later I bring her to Discount to see how much I'll get for the mileage warranty and was told the tires are at 6/32nds.... no way they can do a mileage warranty. They wouldn't measure the center that was showing wear bars. I leave... 2 weeks later, have the truck at Firestone for her alignment and oil change, they measure the rear tires at 4/32nds and find a nail in a sidewall of one of them. OK, 4/32nds at FS, 6/32nds at DT, let's go use my replacement certificate. Of course, when measuring for a road hazard replacement, they only measure the center which is at 2/32nds.  NOW he wants to talk mileage warranty?!??!?!  Now I know why that lady threw her tire of the store in their commercials =). Ever not satisfied, just bring it back...? I tried, then I spent my hard earned money elsewhere.
5, I'm giving this place 5 stars not because it's perfect, but because I love it.  I have been there twice, and both times I had a great experience.  To be fair,  both times were during a quiet time (sunday evening), but I found nothing lacking.    Since the place is indoor/outdoors, there is no air conditioning, but the server was happy to point a fan in our direction when we asked, and kept our water glasses full the whole time.  She was attentive without being annoying, and as I former server I am hyper aware of the quality of service at an establishment.    Food was timed perfectly and the portions were great - I kept some for lunch the next day.  The sangria was lovely - clearly made with good wine - and the calamari appetizer was fresh and tender.  My companion had a tikka masala pizza and I had the Madras chicken.  It was great - it had just enough heat to be flavourful without being overly spicey.    This was the perfect place to have dinner after seeing the Picasso exhibition at the AGO, and I'm really glad we chose this place.
3, I've been going to Lawry's to celebrate special occasions for a couple of decades now, at both this location and the Beverly Hills restaurant.  I hadn't been in a couple of years, so I was looking forward to our visit last weekend.  I have seen the quality of the decor deteriorate over the years, with people coming in with shorts and sneakers.  This is a nice restaurant and the dress code should really be enforced.  Aside from that, we were greeted with a friendly smile and brought to our table.  We brought our teenage kids this time to celebrate as a family.  I was struck by the addition of appetizers and the plethora of non-prime rib options rattled off by our server.  We came to Lawry's for the prime rib - there are plenty of places in Vegas for other items.  We all opted for the prime rib and enjoyed the experience of having the carving cart brought to the table and our orders sliced fresh on our plates.  Asparagus and potato strings were ordered additionally, however, it took quite a long time for these side items to arrive at our table (we were almost half way through our meal).  The waitress overheard our conversation about celebrating our anniversary and brought over a chocolate cake for dessert.  They used to have a delicious trifle for this purpose, but it is no longer on the menu.  That is a shame, because it was super tasty.  We ordered the cheesecake and a macadamia nut pie to share - all tasted good.  Overall, the service was good; however, the ambiance was a little disappointing (primarily from the other diners).  The food was good, but not as good as I remembered.  I was a bit disappointed in the overall experience as I was looking forward to this dinner.  Of course, the bill came and it was through the roof, which was expected, but I can't justify another trip to this place given the cost and the experience.  There are simply too many other nice restaurants in this city to experience given the price point.
3, Overall the food is really good. We had bruschetta and it seemed to have just a tad bit too much olive oil on it. Had it had anymore on it we would not have eaten it. My husband had chicken Parmesan and I ordered a salad with grilled salmon. He said his tasted good and my salon was cooked perfect. I also enjoyed whatever the dressing was, I just wish it would have been on the side. For whatever reason it was poured on and also came with a cup of it on the side. We agreed that the prices seemed a bit high for the experience. It has a similar feel to Bravo but service just isn't at that level yet (from our experience). Our sever did not know anything about the menu or what is fried in their fryers which should be expected at $18+ a plate. (We asked because of food allergies) She did however make sure to note allergies on our order which we appreciated! The music also did not match the setting. I really wanted to relax but the music was super up beat and almost had me rushing to leave. We will try again in a few months and I'll update my review then.
3, We really weren't intending on eating here. We had tried to get in to a couple of other restaurants beforehand, but after being told that there was an hour wait at them we kept on walking. We were seeing Cirque du Soleil's Mystère and Kahunaville was right near the entrance so we figured we would give it a shot.  We were told that there would be a 15 minute wait and we were welcome to get a drink at the bar while we waited for a table. A couple of hands of the almost broken and booze covered video poker at the bar and 20 minutes later I enquired about our table and we were told that they had called our name and we hadn't answered. They knew we were at the bar (only a few paces away) so they couldn't have tried too hard to find us. A minute later the group sitting next to us at the bar had the exact same thing happen.  After our table was cleared up a couple of minutes later we quickly ordered a couple of margaritas, which came out with snake lollies in them and were quite nice! A few more of these and we'd forget about the issues getting a table. Unfortunately service was very swamped and getting one more drink, let alone a few more, was almost impossible.   Foodwise, my wife had a Summer salad, that seemed almost impossible to get without meat, but was huge and quite tasty. I had a pretty massive burger (of course I did!) though I really can't remember which one it was now (our visit here was quite a while ago now).  All in all Kahunaville made an okay choice for a rushed dinner with little other options around but I doubt we'll return.
4, Booked this place through Hotels.com for spending New Years Eve in Las Vegas.  All other comparable hotels were easily over $500 for two nights so I ended up going with South Point for roughly $300 for two nights.    At first I was a little worried about staying here mainly due to the commute (not the quality of the place as it was opened in 2005) but I was happily surprised.    Check in was a breeze even though it was the Friday before NYE and everyone was coming into town.  Even though there was quite a long line the casino had all the counters manned and checking in and getting into the room took less than 20 minutes.  Moreover, during check in they also give you a coupon book for some free stuff or buy one get one free stuff which was kind of cool.  Only complaint was that when calling in to inquire about when you can check in took about 10 minutes on hold to get to speak with someone.  The room itself was very spacious and clean and comes with all the amenities that you would expect from a reputable Vegas hotel.  Our room consisted of a king size bed, flatscreen TV, table, and a sofa (along with the rest of the nightstand, drawers, and closet).  This room could easily stuff 6 or so people in it if you really wanted to.  Moreover, it was nice how their bathroom was divided into two, with a door between the shower/toilet and the sink, thus allowing two people to share the bathroom at a time.  Definitely no complaints about the spaciousness or cleaniness of the room here.  Moreover, while I did not get to try out their amenities during my stay this time, I think I will definitely be back next time to try out their midnight madness bowling.  Apparently, during the weekdays after midnight all games are only a dollar!  I mean can you imagine, forget beer pong, how about beer bowling or a shot for every pin left standing haha.    As for the food of this place, again I did not get to try out much but their Steak N Shake seemed like a decent and moderately priced place to get a meal.  I actually ended up getting a togo order of 3 sliders and shake for about $11 bucks so that wasn't too bad.  As for the convenience of this location, well for off-strip, it is pretty convenient even during NYE.  Located right off the freeway, it is easy to get to and out of into the Strip.  It is about a 15 minute drive by freeway and about a 20 minute drive by Las Vegas Blvd (I like how you have two routes to this place) with either being traffic free by the times I was driving.    As a note, if you are planning to come here for New Years park at the Mandalay Bay!  The Strip is closed until 3am but as Mandalay Bay is at the end of the Strip you can still get out and take either Las Vegas Blvd or the freeway back without much hassle.  Only complaint with this place is that their shuttle to and from the Strip (cheap at only $8 all you can ride for a day) only runs till 1:00am.  Who goes back to the hotel at 1:00am in Vegas...especially on New Years.  They should make it 24 hours or at least 24 hours on the holidays.
4, I drive down here solely for the dog park. I have a puppy that has a lot of energy and this park is pretty big, giving her lots of room to run around and, of course, get tired. I don't like to go too late in the day because there are just too many dogs and she gets distracted, but my late morning trips have always been a pleasure.   My one dislike about the park is that part of it appears to be a retention basin. Water collects and stagnates in a particular area and they use PVC and plastic fencing to block it off. It doesn't do anything to keep the dogs out. They need to re-engineer where the water runs off or determine a better way to secure that disgusting pool of water.  The park does not have a section for timid or small dogs and one for large dogs. I've seen people bring toy sized dogs, 2-3lbs, and I was a little concerned the dogs would get trampled/ attacked. I caught my little 20lb Basenji mix stalking one of these tiny dogs, so I had to shift her attention. If you want to bring a tiny dog to this park simply for socialization, I'd recommend being the dog during a time there would only be a hand full of dog owners around, so you can better monitor your dog. Otherwise keep your really tiny dogs are home.
3, i feel like when looking for restaurants on here, if i see a three star place i'm likely to avoid it. i had a very good experience here though.  a friend and i were actually looking for a different mexican restaurant, one she tried to go to on a sunday and monday, the only two days they are closed, and when we arrived on saturday evening, we found a sign saying they have moved from phoenix to mesa.  clearly not destined to patronize that restaurant.    anyway, we'd passed the sign for this tiny strip mall restaurant and decided to head back and give an unknown place a try. the atmosphere is pretty generic, there are both booths and tables and some typical mexican decoration. doesn't transport me to a mexican pueblo, but it's not a tourist trap either so i was pretty comfortable.  after a quick scan of the menu my friend decided on the green chili burrito smothered with cheese and plated with beans and rice. ($6.75) i went for the chiles rellenos with rice and beans. ($9.25)  we ate some average tortilla chips with some super spicy red chili salsa and though our meals were out in record time we got a free refill of the chips when we drained the first bowl.   my chiles rellenos were excellent.  dark green chiles lightly breaded, filled to the brim with white cheese and smothered in a spicy green sauce with some extra cheese on top. rice tasted like it had been cooked in beef broth and the beans were definitely cooked with a ham bone.  i'm a vegetarian so i had to skip those but there were two big chiles and i got hot fluffy corn tortillas so i didn't need the sides anyway. (but $9.25 is a little steep for what i was able to eat)   Kate started to dig into her plated burrito when she realized that it was not a 'green chile burrito' but a pork burrito with green chile sauce.  she's not a vegetarian, and is literally the calmest and nicest person i've ever met, but she was pissed. she didn't send it back under the pretenses of false advertising, which she probably should have, but she was really annoyed and even as we were leaving she commented that she would never go back to a place that doesn't label their menu items correctly.   so on the one hand i would go back there in a heartbeat, quick service, good food and for the most part decent prices, kate would list it on a top ten places to avoid list. i would say if you're on baseline and you want something that doesn't pander to gringo's head over to el mesquite and give it a try.
5, Zenshin/Island Sushi & Grill catered our wedding Nov 2016. We were drawn to them because of the variety in their menu. From the very first taste tasting, we were blown away at the professionalism and quality of service provided! My spouse and I were coming in from out of state to have our wedding in Las Vegas and had many obstacles, especially finding the perfect caterer, but Zenshin made it an easy choice from the beginning.  The management was extremely personable and detailed in the services they provided. We never felt pressured into anything we did not want and they genuinely made us feel like we were their most valuable customers. Additionally, there was a vast variety of food on the menu, and every single thing we ordered was delicious! It was hard to narrow down the choices because we wanted everything on the menu after we experienced the taste tasting. On our wedding day, the caterers were all set up and ready to go at our venue when an hour before the wedding started we had to move the reception across town. Not only were they flexible, the rushed over to set up at the new location and their execution was FLAWLESS and they did not miss a beat! Everybody loved their food, especially their sushi and desserts! Zenshin saved the day and I would recommend this staff any day of the week!
5, Man, oh man, do I love this place. All you have to do is combine goat cheese and guacamole for me to love you. Does that make me easy? Probably.   But really, this place lives up to its hype. I've been here twice, and both times have just been extraordinary. Their taquito entrees are delicious, and their sides are to die for. For the taquitos, I had the remolacha. A bunch of different flavors and textures that will amaze you. Regarding the sides, the smoked gouda tamales and the sofrito green beans will leave you wondering what you've been eating your entire life. It's like an explosion of flavor enticing your taste buds. Yes, my mouth is currently watering.  Be warned-if you get the guacamole trio, like we did, be prepared to take the rest of your meal home. It's more than we bargained for, but oh so delicious. The goat cheese guac, pineapple guac, and blue cheese guac are all excellent. I've also tried the jalapeno bread pudding for dessert. Simply amazing. You get the flavor of jalapeno without all that heat, and it just makes for a very unique dish.   If anything is the downfall, its the wait in general. Waits to get a table are long, but nothing going next door to Johnny Mango's for their super strong mojitos won't fix. We had a wait a bit for our server the second time, which was a bit of an annoyance. However, this place is worth it, trust me.
1, SCAM....SCAM...ALERT... I took my van in on 2 March 16 and I had 29,700 miles.  My battery was dying so I made an appointment at 5 to have it checked out.  After a little over an hour Keith called me and stated that, yes my battery failed and that it was replaced under warranty.  I am like cool but then he showed me the multi point inspection sheet that my front brakes were at 3 and 2 mm and my rear brakes were at 7mm.  He said it would cost 329.00 to replace the front brakes but I had my kids so I told him I couldn't at that time but will comeback in a few days.  So I left and went home and told the wife the outcome.  She then stated " weren't the brakes at 8 or 7 the last time it was there?  I was like yea your right, so I went and took out the invoice and looked on the inspection sheet and yes it stated my front brakes were at 7mm(Green) and rear at 5mm(Yellow).  That was on 18 Jan 16 and my mileage was at 28,500. So within a month and half, 1,200 miles later my front brakes went from 7mm to 2mm and rear brakes went from 5mm back to 7mm.  WOW...I bought this van in Las Vegas in May of 2014.  We moved in June of 2015 to Pennsylvania and drove the van.  So from May 2014 to Jan 2016 and 5 to 28,500 miles my front brakes went from 10mm to 7mm and rear brakes went from 10mm to 5mm which sounds about right.  So doing the math, that's the front brakes losing 3mm and rear brakes losing 5mm.  Now from 18 Jan 16 to 2 Mar 16 and 28,500 to 29,700 miles my front brakes went from 7mm to 2mm and my rear brakes went from 5mm to 7mm, so again doing the math my front brakes lost 5mm and rear brakes gained 2mm.  So just under 2 years I lost 3mm, then under 1.5 months I lost 5mm...I don't think so.  They obviously tried to scam me into getting front brakes when I don't really need them and I would have got them if it wasn't for my kids being with me at the time.  Either the techs don't know what they are doing or this is a scam...I bet on that it is a scam...stay away from them....
3, I love spicy and I loveeeee seafood. My coworker and I enjoyed going to Hot n Juicy but she told me that this place was the new contender so I had to see for myself.   I'd have to disagree.... but it's not bad like some of the other places in Vegas.  Pros:  -Menu options are great, especially on the back where you can get large combo platters if you and a friend want to share a variety.  -Menu is pretty clear and easy to understand.  -Lobster claw game at $2 a play is entertaining at best but difficult to grab, lobsters are usually clumped together in the corner -Sauce is not oily like the competition which kept my stomach ache free  Cons: -There was a manager lady who wasn't friendly at all. I was seated by a gentlemen but the lady came by to drop off the menus without a single kind gesture, and didn't even ask if I wanted anything to drink while I wait for my friends. -The sauce is less oil but lacks heavily in flavor. The hot n juicy special is loaded with spices and garlic to give you a delicious kick. The sauce here was spicy but bland -All the seafood is market price and listed on a tiny neon menu in the center of the restaurant. Maybe putting more around the restaurant so people don't have to get up to see it -Shrimp is puny.....  (no pun intended)  Overall: I'd come back with friends but this wouldn't be my go to. I think i'll just stick with my pepto and hot n juicy
5, I mistakenly made an appointment with Pearson Eye Group because they are in the same mall as Visionworks (the office I had used 3 years prior)    So I arrive at Visionworks.  Quickly we figure out that I've made my appointment with Pearson and not them.   Prepared to just forgo my appointment with Pearson and make a new appointment with Visionworks, I inform them the reason for my visit (Glaucoma check) and ask them if they have my old records to compare my next visit with.   Thier answer:  "We have you on file but your records are in storage".   I'm not sure what that means.  Are they still using manilla folders and file cabinets?  Do they have a unit at Uncle Bob's Storage?  Quickly I realize I want to keep my appointment with Pearson.  So I appolgize for the interuption and ask them where Pearson EyeCare is.  The "wrong" Optometrist ended up being the "right" one.    I don't have insurance and the price for a full exam was extremely reasonable.  My family is predisposed to Glaucoma and Diabetes and I fear blindness more than death itself.   Dr. Hagstrom picked up on this, and explained every test (and the results)  AND...Even though I had my retinal scan done (which was probably more than adequate) she also dialated my pupils and inspected each eye herself.    Long story ... L O N G E R ...  I get home thinking my eye pressure was in the 90 range as that was the readings I got off one of the tests.  Through google I learned that 20 was a normal pressure.  A tad bit panicked I called late Friday and left a message asking for clarification.   Dr. Hagstrom called me herself the following morning (a Saturday) and put me at ease and explained that the readings of "90" that I remebered were another unit of measurement for a different kind of test.   She gave me my eye pressure readings and they were in fact 20 in each eye (which is normal yay!)  So yeah.  I'll be back in a year for my Glaucoma check.    Thankyou!
2, I came here on 9/22  for the Oddball Comedy Festival.  My friend and I felt duped!  Our tickets said 5:00pm. So we thought that was the start time of the show.  I'm not sure if it's Tickmasters fault or Ak-Chin Pavilion, but boy were we mislead. The show didn't start until 7:00pm.  So for two hours we had to kill time with medicore-at-best food with ridiculously expensive drinks( $4.50 for water and $13 for 20oz beer). Thankfully they didn't charge for parking, but I would rather pay for parking and eat at a restaurant with better food than be forced to buy food/drink at the Ak-Chin Pavilion.  The sound was decent.  My friend and I sat fairly close in hard plastic chairs. With the show starting at 7 and not ending until 11, the chairs were definitely not comfortable by the end of the night.  Also, like another reviewer stated the huge overhead fans were nice at the beginning of the show, but as the evening progressed and the wind picked up I became very cold in my seat.  I don't plan on returning to a venue at the Ak-Chin Pavilion
5, So I may be biased a bit. I am a teacher at CorePower and btw I am in my 40's. I tend to practice and teach at night, though I do come on the weekends as well. So first and foremost the clientele is all different ages, I love this and we strive hard to create a true community. We offer 4 different types of classes majority of which are 60 minutes, 3 out of the 4 are heated and 3 out of the 4 are sequenced. I first came to my yoga mat in Denver at CorePower, upon moving back to Arizona I could not find a comparable format or studio. So I made due and traveled a lot around the valley.  We have been open since September of 2015 and while we do have clientele from ASU, we also have a Tempe studio opening up this Month (March 2016) right across from ASU. Guess what you get your first week free, no other studio does that. Trust me I know (remember above the traveling I talked about).  With that being said come give it a try and hey guess what when you join one CorePower you can use them all. Oh we have showers (3 for women and a couple for the men), free supplies (like mouthwash, shampoo, conditioner, hairdryer, deodorant, hair ties) and towels, water, mats, clothing if you need them. We also offer challenges that motivate.
5, I have found my new favourite restaurant in Calgary! After a girlfriend suggested Cibo for our dinner date, I admit I was less than thrilled. Although I had heard good things, a quick menu check online didn't really excite me, I found nothing to be that interesting or drool worthy. Nevertheless, there we were. We were seated upstairs at a lovely table near the bar, and I was already hooked. The decor and ambiance of this restaurant is perfect. Although it is loud (almost too loud, which would be my only complaint), it's very energetic and fun. We ordered the aranchini to share, as well as the mixed greens and the prosciutto and pineapple pizza. Everything was absolutely fantastic. We also split two desserts and each had a chocolate martini. Our server was the sweetest little thing and everything came out perfectly timed and expertly cooked. I was blown away, so I took my boyfriend back the very next week. We also shared the aranchini and mixed greens, but we had the lamb meatballs and the spaghetti for 2 meal. Once again, I was blown away by the quality of the food, service, and price! It is seriously a steal to eat here. I am absolutely in LOVE with Cibo and I will make it a point to return again and again!
5, My brother and I came here for lunch and couldn't believe my eyes!!! The whole restaurant has been remodeled, It used to be the courtyard Café, but it's now the copper whisk. We ate here a lot when my brother and my dad would come here to visit and stay at the Orleans and the food was great. The food is still great, an the customer service is still on point. There wasn't very many people there when we got there so we didn't have to wait. Probably because it was the middle part of the day. We were waited on right away an brought our drinks. The food came out quick after we ordered and It was cooked perfectly  an very good. We both had a club sandwich an my brother had onion rings and I had fries. The onion rings were perfect. I'm glad to see that the food and the service is still the same even though the place has been remodeled. Looks like to me it's a little bit smaller but I'm sure it's just because I haven't been there in a while. Love the new look, will go there for lunch again in the near future. Might even try some of the other restaurants that they have there as well. Great memories made there.
4, this place has had a total 360 make over a la "divine design" since the willow house departed and hob nobs took root. it's still the same house, it just looks like a really chic, modern, bookstore meets downtown urban cafe. with tons of light shining in to warm you up as the weather starts cooling down.  i've been here on two occasions and ordered food on both, as well as an iced americano and regular iced tea.  the first time we grabbed a table inside and my friend and i split the vito's favorite in a wrap. it was $8 of pure italian deliciousness. packed with lettuce, tomatoes, salami, ham, and much more. it was huge, a half was more than enough. the side of cole slaw had pepper in it which gave it kind of a kick that i've never experienced in a cole slaw before. the second time i went i had the greek wrap which wasn't as good as vito's favorite but still packed a kick ass greek punch.    the coffee is good, i was chatting with the [assumed] owner and he mentioned he gets the beans roasted especially for him from the cave creek coffee company. it was brought out to my table with cream and sugar and was perfectly bitter with a hint of sweet earthiness.  the iced tea was average, it's not brewed cup by cup but they charge you like they do.   they close at 9 during the week which sucks, because i procrastinate til it gets dark and then trip out into study mode, and have a hard time finding a good place to grab a bite, cup of coffee, and focus. i find it to be a laid back place to get work done and bust out that 10-15 page research paper you put off until the day before it was due. FOCUS. get off yelp, and get to work!!!!!  *note: for those who live north of mcdowell, you have to go one block south of mcdowell and use that to get around to 3rd ave which is a one way street going north.  the parking lot on the southwest corner is open to hob nobs customers as well as the parking lot directly behind it.
1, We came here for a big group lunch during a weekend wedding in AZ. I had super high hopes based on what we had been told and how cute it was upon pulling up, but I was unfortunately not impressed.   The atmosphere is cute for sure. It is an order at the counter sort of place but their branding is nice and it doesn't feel like every other place in AZ. While I do think that's great, it wasn't even close to enough to bring up my review of the food.   The food was not good. And not just mine ... nobody at our whole table particularly enjoyed their meal (and we are talking 10 people eating like 6 different things)? The burgers were under cooked and juicing out bloody burger juice. The veggies on the burgers didn't look or taste fresh. My chicken was super gristly and battered with the blandest batter I've ever had. The ribs were dry and mediocre. Even the kids barely touched theirs? It just wasn't a good experience. I know we sent back two burgers to be cooked longer but with how busy it was and the sorts of issues we were having, the rest wasn't even worth trying to fix.   And the thing that made this all even worse is that this place isn't too cheap? If I want to have a crappy burger or chicken I'll go to McDonald's and spend $5 but just my boyfriend and I paid like $30 something bucks for food that we hated and were literally so hungry we ate another meal at another restaurant about an hour later? You can eat MUCH better for that money.  I will say their garlic fries were ok - definitely the best food on the table (which is kinda sad). And the chocolate shake was DELICIOUS. After trying mine, two other girls at our table ordered some. So I guess if you just want a shake and fries I recommend it but I travel to AZ often and I won't be back to this spot.
1, Horrible experience. I always give places a second chance because you never know if the first was a fluke or not. My boyfriend and I decided to try Bonsai since we drive by quite often.   The first experience was perfect. Our waiter was attentive, our orders had come at a timely manner and the food tasted really good. My boyfriend had the ayce sushi and was mentioning how this place would be our go to sushi. He mentioned how fresh the fish tasted and how quick we got our sushi. I ordered the salmon teriyaki combo bento which came with soup, salad, vegetable tempura, shumai, salmon teriyaki, rice, and California roll. The salmon teriyaki was delicious. I wanted more! Our bill was around $50-$60, but it was worth it and decided we would come again.   Today, Our experience was less than great. We had come around dinner time, but there was only two other booths taken. We sat down and was asked what we wanted to drink. I don't remember our waitress' name, but we wished we had the male waiter instead. We had asked for waters with lemon. She came out with just water, and then gave us the menus and a paper ayce menu. She was about to just take the paper menu and leave, but I had to mention that I wanted to order off the regular menu. I told her my order and I had to repeat myself and point to the menu since she didn't understand "snow crab". I then asked for lemon for our water and then she left. Few minutes go by and she tends to the other tables, 5 more minutes go by and wave her down and ask for slices of lemon. She looks as if she understands by smiling and nodding and then leaves. 5 minutes go by and I get agitated since I have asked 3 times for lemon. My boyfriend and I see the male waiter and when we asked for lemon, he came back very quickly. I noticed he was tending to other tables that started coming as well.   A few minutes go by and my salmon teriyaki comes with the rice. It was flavorless. I didn't order the combo this time and was just expecting salmon, rice, and a salad. No salad came and the teriyaki sauce was sunken to the bottom of the salmon. My boyfriend made a comment saying I was suppose to get a salad. The waitress seemed surprised and asked if I wanted a salad. When I said yes, she left quickly and I didn't have time to ask for extra teriyaki sauce.   30-40 minutes probably went by since being seated and my boyfriend didn't even get his sushi. We watched other tables getting their orders before us and even leaving before us! When his order finally came, his appetite was gone. We had enough of waiting and was just annoyed with out service.   Overall, we give this place a 1 out of 5 stars. We had to ask 4 different times for lemon for our water and waited around 30-40 minutes for our food even though there was hardly anyone there.   My boyfriend noticed that on the ayce paper menu it doesn't have a time limit like other sushi places. We concluded that if there was a time limit, then there wouldn't be any time left to order a second time.   We are highly disappointed. I came home and started eating some apples to satisfy myself.
4, Immediately upon walking in, you'll be mesmerized by the beautiful decor and massive wrap-around aquarium. Every time I dine here, I get seated right next to the aquarium so that we can enjoy the beautiful scenery.   I've been here for lunch a couple times and also late night munchies, service is always quick and on point. The food and drinks are consistently good as well. We always leave here full and satisfied. And sometimes sorta kinda drunk. Thanks Vegas.   SHORTS RIBS ($19): http://bit.ly/2i0RwX7 This is by far the best braised short ribs I've had to date.  This massive piece of boneless short rib was so juicy and fork tender. The rich velverty cabernet demi-glace was also quite delicious. The garlicky yukon gold mashed potatoes was velvety and smooth that I finished the whole thing (and I'm not a mashed potato fan at all, so that says a lot). Tis dish is a must-order.   SEAFOOD SALAD TRIO ($20): This was my half-ass lazy attempt at trying to be healthy while pigging out in Vegas....it had the word "salad" in it, so it counts. Yep...that's a fried tortilla on the side, lol!  http://bit.ly/2hEyOUc - The "shrimp napoleon" was basically 2 cocktail-styled jumbo shrimps butterflied and laid criss-cross over each other. Perfectly cooked shrimp, nothing fancy.  - 2 slices of pepper seared tuna - A spoonful of jumbo lump crab meat The rest of the plate consisted of a couple pieces each of tomatoes, hearts of palm, prosciutto crisps and a scoop of avocado-kimchee slaw with ranch dressing.   The bf and I split this deconstructed salad as an appetizer.  It didn't look or sound like a lot of seafood, but it was definitely filling and something I wouldn't mind ordering again.   FISH TACOS (2 tacos for $12.50): Fish of the day was mahi mahi.  The bf fully enjoyed his plate of tacos. The cajun-spiced mahi was juicy and tender. The jack cheese, fresh cabbage, pico de gallo and ranch dressing was the perfect accompaniment to this filling plate of food.   Our server that day was a hella fun guy name Randy. He was so bubbly and friendly, love him! He was so engaging and even offered suggestions of which museums to check out because it was my bf's first time in Vegas.Hopefully we get to see him again the time we visit because we'll definitely be back!
4, I wanted to try something new, and didn't want to see my high-school sweetheart on the other corner. Now I'm coming back to review LT, and I see "update review". Wait, have I met this one before? Definitely a lot has changed since then and I didn't even recognize it.  The breakfast burrito with carne asada was piping hot, the cheese was properly melted and the potatoes stayed warm down to the last bite. I'd say solid work on everything everything except the carne asada. A few too many pieces of meat were either too chewy or too fatty. Both salsas were fantastic. Red: smoky, balanced chipotle peppers, plenty of heat; Green: much more subtle in heat and flavor, but still worth putting a few splashes of it on parts of your burrito. I only wish they kept the salsas on ice, but having individual bottles to take to your table is also nice. At $4-4.50 for just eggs+potatoes and $6.50ish for eggs+steak, I think the portion size is just a hair too small. Don't get me wrong, it tastes fantastic and it was definitely filling, but other places don't mess around with portions.   I'd say its a solid 4/5. I haven't had as much Tex Mex due to living in NE, so I might be overinflating, but I also think the carne asada could use some work. It all balances.
5, We switched to CRAH in September of 2012 when we rescued our 3rd Boxer. After paying, in my opinion, extortionate fees at another vets office. From the first moment I stepped in to the office, we were greeted by friendly receptionists. I am very diligent went it comes to my dogs, so this first visit was secretly an interview to see if the vets here would be deemed 'fit' to take care of my precious Boxers (I'm not kidding either ;). After that first appointment, I left feeling incredibly comfortable with my new choice of veterinary care. Having Boxers means we are there frequently!! We have seen pretty much all of the vets there and they all know my dogs well. The staff greet us by our names and with a huge smile. Sadly, we have been through some dire medical conditions and even had to have one of my senior boys who was suffering with cancer, put to sleep. Throughout that whole 2 month process, I feel as though we were treated with respect, love and most definitely a shoulder for support. I would arrive for the appointments every time, in tears and everyone was unbelievably nice and kind. They offer a service where you can opt for the vet to come to your home while you say goodbye to them, and this is what we chose (twice now) and each time the doctor (and Wes, the vet tech) were awesome. The place is staffed with a medical professional 24/7, therefore, on the occasion where one of my dogs might be required to  spend a night after a procedure, I know they are never left alone - something I absolutely could never allow! I am also a board member of a local rescue in town and we use CRAH as one of our veterinary choices for the dogs who come through the rescue. I have read some other reviews complaining of hidden charges etc and I can only say that from my personal (frequent) experience, every time we have been presented with 2 quotes - low end and high end, which is standard procedure with most vets in this town, and we were given an unpressured choice as to which additional procedures we wanted. I have explained many times that money is a huge issue for us, we don't have much therefore I need to keep costs as low as possible, however I don't want to cut out anything deemed necessary. I have never felt pressured or bullied or a bad "mum" when I have declined some services. As long as I have dogs, I will use CRAH to care for them. As a last note, after reading some of the negative reviews which are basically people complaining about having to pay for their animals medical costs, to them I say this, "you own an animal by your own choice. The odds that at some point during its lifetime it will get sick or injured and need veterinary care, are extremely high. Either get pet insurance, or be prepared to pay for your animals well being, or, just don't get an animal if you can't afford to take care of it. Exams, X-rays, surgeries all cost money. Why do you expect to get it for nothing? Vets study for many, many years and don't earn that great a salary, which means they do this for their love of animals. They deserve to get paid, and you need to be respectful of that"
4, Libertine Social is a fancy gastropub that is a great place to catch up with friends. Though it is a little pricey for a gastropub, the food is pretty tasty.   The House Baked Pretzel was baked perfectly, allowing the dough to be light and soft. The cheddar fondue was the right amount of gooey-ness and was a delicious dip to the pretzel. The Wood Grilled Sausages were a good sampler of different types of sausages, which were all grilled to perfection, giving the sausages a smokey kick.  The Black Truffle Pizza had a good ratio of fontina and Parmesan, giving it a nice cheesy and stringy consistency, which is always nice to have with your pizza. The pizza was topped with slivers of truffles, which accentuated the delicious flavors of the cheese. But my personal favorite was the Fennel and Sausage flatbread. The flatbread was thing and crispy, while the sausage was very flavorful and had the right amount of saltiness that was noticeable with the notes of honey that was on the flatbread.   If you have friends coming into town, Libertine Social is a great place to have some food and drinks while catching up.
1, No stars.. yes no stars... (the app made me select one to post) the complete bs I just witnessed as a customer left me with a real stale taste in my mouth. This is the first dine in experience where the stale taste wasn't caused by the food. I went with my family to this location for lunch. The place was busy which is exactly what any good store manager would want; however a good store manager would also want their customers leaving there location feeling respected, valued, & fully satisfied with their dine in experience. Our experience started out great but it slowly showed signs that it was headed down hill when our burgers came to the table before our salads and shakes. We usually frequent the Parmatown location. They seem so much more professional. When our shakes were delivered to the table the chocolate shake made it to the table but the strawberry banana shake was poured into my wifes lap. As you can imagine this feels great in an air conditioned room while wearing shorts. The shake poured straight down my wifes bare leg into her shoe and onto the floor. My wife received a borage of "I'm sorry!"s which is awesome and conveys how the workers were feeling at the time. The most important question or worry during this situation is #1 How does the customer feel? #2 How can we help them? #3 What can we do to rectify the situation? In retrospect all we received was late food, apologies, wet pants, napkins, and a bill to pay for it all. Yes a bill! The manager came over attempting to offer apologies and a mop. Not once did she offer a solution to rectify my wifes ruined clothes and meal. I as her husband had to speak up and ask for some type of resolution. Some people have the knack to be a store manager while others just don't. This type of manager is what I commonly refer to as a floater. Floaters are managers who do just enough to maintain current numbers and current status quo. They really have no talent or abilities which are beneficial to improving the overall profitability or running of the store. When this location implements points #1,#2, &#3 they will be taking a step in the right direction. It is needless to say that we won't be back anytime soon nor recommending it.
4, Who knew a trip to the movies could be so high class?  I had two free passes for the Cineplex theatre so I thought I'd use them towards admission to the VIP theatre in Brossard.  The entrance is separate from the main theatre and it's 18+ since they serve alcohol here.  You enter and you're in the lounge area which is complete with a bar.  They do have a small concession stand selling classic movie snacks (popcorn, candy, etc) but if you're dishing out for the VIP experience treat yourself and order from the bar.  They have a variety of appetizers and food like burgers so you could eat a full meal.  My boyfriend and I were there a little bit early so we ordered nachos and raspberry mojitos to enjoy in the lounge area.  The SCENE card gets you 10% off the food but not alcohol.  The other awesome thing about this place is the bathrooms.  They're all individual bathrooms and they're super clean.   Seating inside the theatre is very comfortable and there are servers there to get orders and bring them to you up until the movie starts.  One thing I love about the VIP theatre is that they don't seem to show ads prior to the trailers and actual film.  That is always my biggest pet peeve about going to the movies.  Admission is quite pricey at $18.75 a person so you can be sure I won't be coming to the VIP theatre every time I go to the movies.  I would definitely do it though on the occasional night where I feel like treating myself.
2, Walked in and knew exactly which car we wanted. Did a very short test drive and we agreed on the internet advertised price. The next morning I was looking at the paper work and noticed the base price had gone up over $1600. I called to ask about it and the guy asked me if I was looking at the total after taxes etc.  Ok. I don't know how stupid he thought I was but of course not!  I was looking at the base starting price!  After going in to the dealership to pursue this it was pointed out that the advertised price does not include mandatory dealer add on charges, such as window tinting (it was a used car and already on), nitrogen tires and other things that added up to over $1600. I guess it was on something I signed while getting to the desired monthly payment, but why wasn't it clearly pointed out?  And why dont I have any documentation or itemization of it in my loads of paperwork?  If I had in fact purchased these things I should have some sort of receipt for them. I think it's a horrible way to do business. We had verbally agreed on the advertised price and those add ons were glossed over and snuck in on top of that price. I have bought many used cars throughout my life and I have never ever run into this.  I will never again buy a car from a dealership who has mandatory dealer add ons.  If I see a price online I should not end up paying any more unless it is for optional items that are my choice.  Why would you even want to do business this way?  You've got a great line of quality cars. People will buy them. By looking at this site this same issue has made a lot of people really mad. You want people to feel like the got a great deal, not that they've been had. I gave two stars because most of the people there were actually pretty nice, but I still feel like that was a pretty slick move.
3, Ru San's tends to be our go-to for a last minute meal plan.  The quality of the sushi, while not the best in town, is always solid and doesn't kill your wallet.  I'm always a sucker for the Sinking Titanic Hidden Treasure roll because there is always the chance that the bowl may contain the token that represents a $10 gift card.  I've yet to ever discover the hidden treasure, but I keep on trying.   Along with the $1 menu, the lunch buffet seems to be the draw for most people.  I've only tried the buffet here once and doubt that I'll rush back again.  The restaurant is not set up well for a smooth-flowing buffet line.  There seems to be a lot of confusion regarding the direction the line should move, and I grew frustrated with the people who could not even make it through a buffet line without stopping to text.  What is wrong with people?  I imagined them texting the friend right behind them since nobody actually has real conversation any more.  And then when these chronic texters take the last of the tuna tartare?!?  Seriously? If you can't navigate a buffet line like a pro, you don't deserve the tuna tartare.  So let it be written, so let it be done.    If you want sushi that is of consistent quality at a decent price, Ru San's is for you.  If you want a quiet date, it is not.  There is a lot of yelling.  Kind of like Moe's--but Japanese.
5, I don't write many five star reviews.   And didn't really expect good Chinese food in such a small town.      The service is sit down cafeteria style.    You write your table's order on an order pad and pay at the front counter.   The give you a table number and bring the food right out.    Very easy and low stress way to dine, though perhaps it may confuse some.  Tea and water are provided for free.   This restaurant is BYOB, and there's a nice liquor store next door.  PROS:   Amazingly authentic menu!   I've lived in China and traveled there extensively, and found many of my old favorites on the menu.   (A Chinese menu is posted on the wall with item numbers that correspond to the English language menus.)    I got to enjoy food I've haven't had in years and never thought I'd find in the US -- great stuff from several regions of China.    I also enjoyed some items that I hadn't had before, or had enjoyed in slightly different forms.   The crispy tofu for which this restaurant is so well-known is a fun item that everyone should try.   The pork bun is amazing!  Well-seasoned fatty deliciousness.    So many items to try.   I wish I lived in the area.  CONS:   None at all.   I hope this place never changes.
4, Sadie's is probably one of the top soul food spots in Charlotte, not the best but in the top. The original Coffee Cup off of Clarkson, although closed, will forever be the number one soul food spot in Charlotte(just had to throw that in there).  The menu at Sadie's has changed over the years but I think some of the best dishes that were offered were taken off the menu. I'm not a restaurant owner so who am I to complain:-) The beef tips, baked chicken and pineapple lemonade had to be some of the best items on the menu, but I digress. The sweet potato waffle and fried chicken is pretty good, the waffle looks a little weird but the taste compensates for that. The mac n cheese can be suspect, but lately it has been on point. The fried whiting is very good but the pieces of fish are just way too big/thick or something, maybe it was just that day. The fried corn on the cob is very good and highly recommended. I haven't had the baked chicken in a while but it used to be pretty good. She usually has mini cheesecake desserts by Honey Butter Bakery which are quite delish.
3, I'm a big Thomas Keller fan so it gives me a bit of heartburn to give just three stars, but sadly our experience didn't merit any more than that. Our party of four was seated promptly and the service overall was pretty solid.  The food however, was short of what I would expect both at the price point, and given the reputation.  My wife started with the Bibb Lettuce salad and i had the mixed greens with goat cheese.  Both were so over-dressed as to be virtually inedible.  Two of us were planning to order the mussels, but thankfully the waiter quietly warned us off them as they weren't really "in season".  If that's the case, they should be pulled off the menu until they are in season rather than hoping the waiter does the right thing.  My wife had the Dover Sole special, which was de-boned at the table, but was pretty overcooked and dried out, (and was $55 for just the piece of fish!).  The Trout Amandine was also dry and overcooked as well.  I had the Boudin Blanc which was actually pretty tasty, but I can make a damn fine sausage and mashed potato dinner at home that is just as good.  The last entree was the roast chicken, which I'm told was fine, but pretty over-seasoned.  Overall, it was at best just "ok".  Not sure we'll be back to this one.  I think the menu was fine, these all seem like execution issues in the kitchen to me.
1, It is a sorry time when a long established restaurant with good food has deteriorated to this point.  I have dined at Chicago Joe's several times over the past 15 years and it has always been a nice place to go for a solid Italian meal.  Decided to go there last minute at 5:30 last Saturday night.  Called to see if there was room for 5 and was told to come on down.  Arrived 15 min later and was seated promptly and greeted by a friendly waiter.  We ordered some garlic bread, 5 entrees w/salad and some drinks.  The garlic bread was hot and delicious, salad was plentiful.  We all normally love the garlic dressing but this time found it to lack garlic. On to the entrees, the chicken parm was an overcooked sautéed, tough chicken breast covered in sweet sauce that tasted like it was from a can with a melted piece of cheese on top.  (no breading, no seasoning, no flavor), The chicken Marsala was topped with a plentiful amount of mushrooms but the sauce was thin, watery and tasted like vinegar.  The linguini with clams was inedible and sent back. Lastly, my 12 yr old daughter wouldn't eat the Spaghetti with meat sauce as it had no flavor.  As you can see from my reviews we don't normally complain but this honestly was the WORST meal we have had.
5, Going to start off by saying this is hands down my favourite place to order Chinese food in the whole city! No doubt the prices are amazing and the people who work there are all really friendly and love their customers.   I always order the same items: Chicken fried rice - simple and amazing, the rice never sticks and is always delivered hot warm and so delicious.  Egg rolls - they are really proud to serve them and they make them in-store I believe! Really delicious.  Chicken balls - OMG without a doubt the best chicken balls! The batter is not too heavy or too light. The chicken to batter ratio is about 50/50 which is perfect! The chicken inside is always juicy and seasoned! Chicken wings - simply deep fried and delicious.  Lemon chicken - chicken is a must the batter is thick BUT very very crispy tasty batter, the sauce is decent but the chicken itself is legendary.   This place is a Westernized Chinese food place, yeah it's gonna be greasy but coincidentally this place just nails it. Never have I received an order where there was a tone of grease in the boxes.  It is hands down the best in Toronto for your Chinese fix. Also they have 5 cent specials where you can order a whole dish if you spend a certain amount.   Enjoy!
2, Here are the main points for those speed readers out here: 1. This is a nail school in a not so great part of town; 2. Because it is a school, the quality and consistency of the services is unreliable; 3. Don't buy the Groupon. Call the salon first, tell them you would like an appointment, and when they ask about Groupon, tell them you were going to buy one. This will ensure you get an appointment right away, as they can only do so many Groupons per day, and they will honor the Groupon price regardless; 4. The manicurists/students are all incredibly sweet and friendly; 5. This is a no frills, no massage chair salon (which I prefer as those massage chairs are filled with nasty, gross tubes filled with other peoples nail gunk that can never be cleaned out, ew). 6. Make sure you have time to burn, my mani/pedi took over two hours! I decided to visit this salon because Groupon sent me an email advertising their Groupon. I was interested in the gel manicure and spa pedicure for $25, as it sounded like a very good deal. I called the salon before purchasing the Groupon to check their availability. The asked right away if I was calling with a Groupon, and whether or not I had purchased one yet. I indicated that I had not, and they said that was excellent, as they can only take so many Groupon customers per day, but that they would offer the Groupon price anyways if I just came in. This salon is located in a not so fabulous part of town, but I would hardly classify it as ghetto. If this side of town is ghetto to you, you clearly have never been to a real ghetto before. The customer service that I experienced here was on par with any other salon. They were friendly when they greeted me, offered coffee or water, and were all smiles. The women who did my manicure and pedicure were both incredibly sweet, and their customer service was phenomenal.  However, this IS A SCHOOL. As such, the quality and consistency of the services are not reliable. I had to wash and scrub my own nails, and my manicure left much to be desired. The gel is inconsistent, wrinkled, does not cover my whole nail, and the tips were left exposed. It is simply awful. I was very disappointed with my manicure. My pedicure, however, turned out okay with minimal polish on the skin. So it's really just a fluke whether or not your service will be good I suppose. Since this is a school, the students work very slowly as they learn, so make sure you have time to burn. The whole mani/pedi experience lasted over two hours, and I had two women working on me at the same time.  I decided to try this Groupon because of the neat pics of nail art other Yelpers had posted, but that was a mistake. Do not come here looking for anything other than solid color gel manicures, this is not the place.  Overall, even though this place is a good deal, remember what your parents always said, "if the deal is too good to be true, it probably is." The stars I gave are for the students who, as I said, are incredibly sweet and well intentioned, but that a manicurist does not make. I would not recommend this salon, nor will I be returning.
5, Wow, just wow!! I saved the best restaurant for last and it didn't disappoint, in fact, the food and ambiance exceeded my expectations. It was really cool and fun to walk through the pawn shop into the restaurant. I loved seeing all the guitars on the wall.  Based on reviews, I started with the Tuna poke wonton tacos. I loved the presentation of the three tacos in a mini metal toast rack. The Tuna was fresh, spicy and flavorful and the tacos were crispy and crunchy. Simply divine!!  Based on the fabulous waitresses recommendation, I had the Grilled cheese, smoked bacon and tomato soup dumplings. This dish blew my mind!! Creative and inventive cuisine that's artfully executed and presented. You get six dumplings served on individual lacquer Chinese spoons. The dumplings were delicious and bursting with flavor. I'd go back for this dish alone it was so good.  Next, I had the Cauliflower which was cooked and presented in a small stone or metal dish that kept the cauliflower warm. The vegetable was cooked in ginger salsa verde with pickled scallions and had the most unique and amazing flavor of any vegetable dish I'd ever had.  Sadly, I ate too much for lunch and was starting to feel full. I was desperate to try the Thai style deep fried shrimp or the Short rib mac and cheese which were both highly recommended and sounded delicious. Instead, I opted to splurge calorie wise and get the KYGO Cloud Nine "S" smores. I loved the creative presentation as the dish was topped with a giant marshmallow cloud. I found the marshmallow overly sweet and it overpowered the flavor of the dark chocolate torte below.   The restaurant has a large, inventive cocktail list broken out into sweet and savory categories. There is an extensive wine list and about 4-5 wines by the glass in each category: sparking, white and red. I had several glasses of the Tempranillo. Prices ranged from $11-16 for most, which is really good value for Vegas where there are so many $18+ glasses.  Amazing atmosphere and service!! Best meal of the entire trip. I will be back in Las Vegas in January and this will be my #1 restaurant choice and I'm already dreaming of trying the Roasted bone marrow toast and Oven braised chicken meatballs and savoring every bite of the big wow grilled cheese dumplings.  Make this your #1 restaurant pick in Las Vegas. It's pure heaven for foodies!!
4, This place is on its way to earning 5 stars.  To make a long story short, Spencer needed another trip to the vet - an emergency appt. We called yesterday to get in today and they did it - no problem and no extra charge. We even switched times on them 3 times and they were pleasant and very accommodating about it.  The best part though was the staff and Dr. Stan Howard. He is great with animals and really knows his stuff. Spencer was thoroughly examined and then we even spent time discussing his diet and other concerns.   Dr. Howard is very friendly and pleasant. He is a very happy person who really appears to enjoy his work. This time I got to scope out some more of his credentials and learned that he was educated partly at the University of Pennsylvania - a very prestigious college.   I enjoyed my visit with him and he took care of Spencer - top notch! He knows a lot about Wheaten Terriers  and their special dietary needs and allergies. He also treats many of the show dogs in the area too, so he seems to know a lot about all the show breeds. After this visit, I felt very confident in trusting my dog's health care to him.  Spencer will soon be back (as soon as he heals) for his grooming and for the dreaded neutering. I hope after that visit I can give them 5 stars.  And btw, he is unbelievably reasonable for an office visit and worked so well with us on addressing all of our concerns. I am really pleased!
1, Be careful when consigning with other mothers! My first time consigning was NOT a good experience.  I brought in about 50 very gently used (some never worn)items. They were only used for my grandkids when they spent the night occasionally. I was told they were behind, call in 24 hours. I called back and found out they were only interested in paying me $1.26, two items. When asked they said they weren't interested because of fashion or condition . I later thought about it and realized I was donating summer clothes in October.  Slightly offended, I told them I disagreed but I would definitely be in to get my clothes to sell somewhere else. A few days later I come to retrieve my belongings only to find out that they have donated my clothes and tossed my storage bin. Now, I will admit I failed to read the fine print, but I do believe a simple verbal "reminder" when I reject the amount and let them know I will be in does not seem unreasonable. 24 hours from that conversation, I was told they put the clothes on their porch for a discounted rate to go to charity. I believe that it benefits them more to have clothes in front of their store to draw in customers than it does to have the people come back and pick up their belongings. It benefits them to not give you a friendly reminder. I was upset and surprised. The manager promised that the owner, Nick would be giving me a call to discuss my concerns. It's been a week and I have not heard from him. I will obviously not be consigning or shopping with other mothers again.
5, My wife and I were staying in Scottsdale and we absolutely LOVED this place for the atmosphere as well as the food! We are definitely going back as soon as we return to the Phoenix area!   They had a Vespa oyster bar right when you walk in--never seen anything like it! At first, we wondered if they were just a cute idea but thought they might not be comfortable. However, when we sat down, it was just as comfortable as any other seat--the oysters were very fresh and there was a lot of selection.  From the oyster bar, to the appetizers, to our main entrees, we were very impressed with the food. The seafood was incredibly fresh and the fusion side dishes really complemented each of our meals. They apparently fly their fish in fresh every day (which you basically have to do if you are going to serve fresh seafood this far from the ocean).  Though the place was crazy busy, the service was solid. Our waiter gave us space but made sure we were taken care of and that our drinks remained refilled, plates cleared, etc. The chef and the owner came over to our table and really made us feel welcomed. We had a truly special experience and are looking forward to going back soon.
3, First off, I was excited to see a location opening up near my home. I have heard from friends how good this place is. I went yesterday for my first time and brought our food home. The food was good as expected. The part that bugged me and why I can't give them 5 stars is the attitude of the staff from beginning to end. They were acting annoyed with the slowness of my ordering. It's a place I've never been so of course it's gonna be foreign to me. I understand it's new to the staff too but they were not busy. 1 person in front of me and 1 person behind me. At the end they wouldn't take my buy 1 get one free coupon because I didn't order two of the exact same thing. The coupon is misleading and doesn't clearly state it has to be two of the same item. The girl was rude when she told me I couldn't use the coupon. It was like she was happy to say no to a customer. As someone in the food and beverage industry I advise the management of this location to work with your staff on how to treat new customers.
1, The owner of this store is very unprofessional. I got referred to this store by a co-worker and said that he would hook me up with everything. So, I made an appointment on Friday for a Saturday 9am appointment. I ride 20 miles to see him and he tells me he doesn't have a mechanic and that there's nothing he can do. He asked me to wait around and see if his mechanic decides to show up. 10 mins later he tells me that his mechanic showed up but it's gonna be a few mins. I ask him how much all of this would cost me and he gave me a total. To which I asked him if he would hook me up like he promised me over the phone. He blew is top and totally disrespected me in front of another customer in the store. I told him that his attitude to someone that came referred to his store was extremely horrible and he should be grateful that he gets referrals and his excuse was that he was having a bad day. Really????? Since when does a customer becomes a victim of a store's owner's bad day???? I don't care what anyone says, but this owner needs to learn the basics of having a business and that is customer service and keeping his promise.
5, This is an easy review to write; These guys are pro's.  After some clumsiness at finding which service rep would check me in, I met Don Pagel, who is the foundation of the repair department.  I needed some repairs done on my Silverado diesel, and gave Don a comprehensive list. He called the next morning with the list broken down bit by bit.   When I explained I'd hoped to have the truck back in 3 days, he expressed that while he could probably do it, it wouldn't be as thorough as he'd like and would I accept the offer of a rental car at their expense, so they could do a thorough and clean job.   They gave me a rental car, Eli was terrific to deal with.   Throughout the next four days, Don emailed me each day with progress, and overall sharing that they were on-schedule. This guy is a complete pro from start to finish.  On pickup, he made the rental return as easy as "didja scratch it?", a quick walkaround, check of the fuel, and gave me the keys to my truck.   My truck had been washed (I kinda wish they'd detailed the interior, it was quite dirty but also disorganized and I can't blame them for attacking this mess).   Then, Don followed up with an email, and this morning followed up with a phone call. My experience at this Findlay property was in such contrast to my experience with their RV lot, I simply needed to share.  You can read about my RV experience at: https://www.yelp.com/biz/findlay-rv-las-vegas?hrid=8BMTgU2mXlFOEhle3rMxKA  With people like Don Pagel, it's no wonder that the vast majority of the reviews for Findlay Chev on this site are stellar.  Thank you Findlay. We'll almost assuredly be purchasing from you next time, too!
1, DO NOT EVER TAKE YOUR CAR HERE!!!  I went into this location after being told over the phone that they had a brake special of 50% off services. That was a lie.  I take my car in the next day and as I was waiting, I overheard a customer telling the men at the front desk her brand new brakes she just purchased and had installed at this Meineke were grinding and making an awful noise. (I should have left then, considering I too needed brake service). I made the mistake of staying.  My car is looked at by one of the "mechanics"who calls my boyfriend and I outside to tell us the quote, I see a quote for $997. How brakes and one rotor costs nearly $1000 is beyond me. But the quote wasn't the worst part.   After I clearly disagree with the charges and opt to take my vehicle somewhere else, the man proceeds to tell me, he will not allow me to drive my vehicle away due to the condition of my brakes, and I would have to tow my car off their shop. They claim it's the law. However when I sign a waiver I assume all responsibility of my car and I also make it clear I am aware of the supposed danger of my vehicle. Meienke was not abiding by law they were trying to waste my time, after I disagreed with their bogus charges. Obviously they use this tactic as a way to get fools to just stay and have the services done there. I didn't and as soon as I said I still did not want brake services done there, the nice guy act went out the window. They were very rude and  condescending to me as I waited for the tow truck to arrive.   I would never bring my car here again. These are not true mechanics. They are just a bunch of men who take advantage of unsuspecting people by charging them more money than their services will ever be worth. Do yourself a favor and never visit this or any other Meineke store. Terrible service, and a terrible experience is all you will get when coming here, trust me.
5, This is my first time at not only Yogurtland, but this type of place where you get your own Yogurt from a machine! At first I was intimidated but my friend helped me through the process of creating my own frozen yogurt treat. The best way to not be shuffled along a line is to just go right for the flavor you want; why be held up behind a person who is getting Vanilla when Peanut Butter (my current favorite) is all the way near the end? Just go get it! Don't wait! But be polite if you're squeezing in between someone!!  The flavors rotate everyday - you never know what will pop up unless you go to the http://www.yogurt-land.com/ website to view all their flavors and hope they have the one you want to try when you arrive *lol*! The toppings at the end of the station usually change but not as much as the frozen yogurts! The staff is great to chat with, the atmosphere is great also - it's always busy with college kids and families, and I love it because they're open so late on the weekends! You can also eat outside which we love to do because we can be as loud as we want!  So if you're by ASU or in the Tempe area, you defiantly need to give this place a try if you're in the mood for frozen yogurt!
3, A friend/co-worker had been trying to talk me into going to Noodle Ranch for months.  Especially since I had gotten pregnant and had experienced a few weeks worth of morning (all day long) sickness.  Well this past Friday, she finally twisted my arm enough into going.    I've had Pho at a lot of different restaurants.  I've had Pho so much so, that I got burnt out on it a few years back.  Hence, my reason for not really wanting to check this place out.  You've had one Pho, you've had'em all.    We both ordered the Pho ga ca rau xanh (Pho chicken, broccoli, and baby bok-choy)  The noodles were about par for pho noodles.  The broth was as standard as any pho broth.  There was hardly any broccoli and baby bok.  You're paying .75 extra for broccoli and bok, so I expect to see quite a bit in my pho.  Also, they only brought out 1 small plate (about the side of a bread plate) for the two of us to split of the bean sprouts, lime, chili pepper, and thai basil.    You'd think if both of us are ordering pho, we'd BOTH get a plate.  I will say though, the bowl was huge.  After having a few spoonfuls of the broth and bites of noodles, I ended up just eating the broccoli, bok, and most of the chicken.  We split an order of the spicy pork vietnamese springrolls.   Now, those were awesome!  The rolls were nice and stuffed.  The dipping sauce that they come with, spicy and slightly sweet.  Throw some chili paste on them and they're perfect!  If I had known that the pho would have been such a disappointment to me, I would have ordered the springrolls as my entree.    Will I return?  I think so.  But just to get an order of the spicy pork springrolls.  :)
5, Were greeted when we entered by almost every wait staff we passed, was told by the hostess to sit where ever which is fine, had a very young waitress very polite got our drink order, we opted for the buffet which was great & at a decent price $8.99, the eggs of course were liquid form but good, bacon was nice & crisp, sausage was flavorful, waffles, pancakes, French toast sticks & potatoes were awesome I just wish that they had shredded home fries, every food that was displayed was nice, hot & fresh it was replenished quickly when they saw it was getting low they didn't wait for the food to run out, the fresh fruit were great nice & sweet, the dining area & bathroom was clean...        I was told by one of the waitresses that the old owner had come back & is going to add other foods to the buffet line whatever it is I can imagine it's going to be good, the only advice I'll give is that the tongues are very hot to touch if there's someway not too have them that hot, now would I come back you bet your bottom dollar I would...
4, Went there for my first winterlicious dinner of 2014. We had a large group, and restaurant handled it very well, service was efficient and prompt, and a waitress was a wonderful young lady who alone handled such a big group with outmost efficiency and speed.  As an appetizer I ordered Caserole d'escargot which was in my opinion a highlight of the night. Mushrooms, escargot, and cream based sauce complemented each other well to create a perfectly balanced dish. Totally a must try! As the main course I ordered a grilled angus striploin steak, prepared medium rare close to the rare side and served with perfectly grilled vegetables. The steak was a little chewy but it must have been just a piece like that because it was perfectly prepared. Sun dried tomato and butter topping gave a steak a wonderful touch.  As a desert I orderes Creme Brulee which was tasty, but surprisingly cold, which was slightly disappointing.  Overall,  a very good experience,  and the whole 3 course dinner for only $25 per person was a true bargain.  Would definitely come back again!  P.S. this place is more suitable for a small group of people or as a date venue. It's very small, cozy,  and romantic.
1, I'm never coming back to this place !!!!  Let me tell you why...  Turns out that we really wanted to go and check out this place, and for secret reasons we were running late and needed to have a late dinner, well, their website clearly reads: "Hours: 6 pm - Late", so it was perfect, right ? unless we don't understand what late means...  now hear this, we even call this clowns before going there, just to check if they were going to be open, and we specifically axed ... at what time are you guys closing the kitchen tonight? we are thinking about late dinner and we want to head over there... and so the deception begins, they told us they were not closing the kitchen until 11 PM (take note) 11 PM !!! OK, perfect!  We take a taxi to go aaaaaall the waaay there,  and so we show up at about 10:20 PM, all looking like idiots.... guess what???? Kitchen was closed !!!!!  why would you do this to me ???? I'm here on business !!!!!!!!  So we were just standing there, feeling like dog feces and talking to the hostess, explaining to her that we were on the phone earlier (like half an hour earlier) with her, and she told us that the kitchen was going to be open... and her response was a simple "well, they changed their minds"  !!!!! ????  : |       excuse me???? they changed their minds ?????  dafuuuuuuuuqqqqq ?????  oh ok....   So, never trust this clowns.... for all we know it may not be open today (even though it is supposed / advertised to be) , or they might could close early, how about closing today at 7 PM??? sure, why not! or maybe it's going to be 10 PM .... you never know.... because  THEY CHANGE THEIR MINDS frequently.....   What a joke!!!! I declare this place a big pile of feculence !!!   in other words:  this place is NOT ALLOWED !!!
5, Best women's athletic apparel in Madison. They break the sections of the store up by sport/exercise type. There is running, gym/training, skiing, yoga, and general outdoors apparel. I love all of their clothes and appreciate the quality Athleta offers. Their twist hoodies are perfect for running, I love their sports bras, and their pants are comfortable to workout in as well as flattering.   I am a loyal fan of the twist hoodies and will most likely end up buying every color. They fit very close to the body, have awesome sweat wicking material and also boast being "anti-stink" therefore you can wear their clothes longer before having to wash - which is convenient as well as eco-friendly.  Another thing I love about Athleta is their guarantee to their customers, one can take off the tags, work-out in the clothes, and if not happy for any reason can return the items no questions asked. I think they call it their sweat guarantee.  I read about a woman who accidentally threw her yoga pants in the dryer after owning them a year. She took them to the store to ask how to remove the pilling that happened and they told her to just get a new pair, on them.   Wow. I am completely comfortable and confident spending my money at Athleta.
1, This review is more for management, but they lost all their stars for one very bad decision.  After receiving my doctorate degree yesterday, and having made BRUNCH reservations 7 weeks prior as it is graduation weekend and my family is in town, we showed up for our brunch reservation only to be told that they decided to do "Dinner all day" instead.  Now my wife had called to confirm a BRUNCH reservation 3 days prior and we were not told of this, which might have left us a chance to find another option for 7 people.  Instead, their management decided to change their menu, not call people with a 10:30am brunch reservation to alert them to the decision.  I don't care what field or industry you're in, that is just not acceptable.  The host offered a pity gift certificate, by only after we had been standing on the sidewalk for 10 minutes trying to find another option. If that had been offered immediately, maybe I wouldn't be so sour to V.Picasso, but It was not prompt or offered easily. Be careful if you are planning anything special here, it might fall apart when you arrive.  So very disappointing.
3, I'm very underwhelmed by this restaurant. Harry's seemed like it had promise but it just wasnt to my liking.  Price: the food was really overpriced, everything was about 5$ too expensive. The menu: The menu has a very small selection and not much variance. It seemed like they had a few things on the menu that stuck out. The ambiance: Seems really "date-nightish". Dim warm yellow pendant lantern lights and candle light. The booths where long and spacious, so you have lots of room, but also high, so you feel like your in your own little spot, not being crowded. The taste: The all important taste test. I am a burger guy for sure, so I ordered the Black Label Burger. The composition was ok... They put the vegetables on the side, so the cheddar cheese sticks to the bun which makes it hard to pull apart. I think the burger may have under-seasoned because it had little flavor other than the bacon and unseasoned beef. They also don't pat the bacon dry before putting it in the burger, and the burger was really juicy, which is a good thing, but it ended up being very greasy and soggy by the end. Nothing was unappetizing or gross, but I think all in all, it may be best to look for something somewhere else.
4, I love Fran's Filling station. Unlike in Europe, the USD goes far at Fran's. The menu has good variety, but isn't overwhelming. It can get crowded on the weekends, so make a reservation and prepare to wait. I've never had to wait for a weekend lunch or weeknight dinner. With its eclectic menu and reasonable prices, it's a great spot for many occasions.   The staff is always friendly, but also seem to never know what's going on/ appear overwhelmed. Once I ordered a manhattan and the bartender used dry vermouth. I noticed later that it's on their martini list. I've had orders arrive without sides or with incorrect sides (I just deal with it, but I'm sure they would fix if asked) and a couple of items on my receipt didn't match the menu prices (again, it was $.50, odd, but I was ready to go).   I try not to eat out if I'm in a rush, so it doesn't bother me. Some of my less patient friends and family members get pretty annoyed at Fran's. I don't care as long as they're nice and the food is tasty.
3, I've been to Honey Pig several times for their AYCE Korean BBQ.   Out of the 3 KBBQs I've been to in Las Vegas, this is the only AYCE where the servers actually come around and cook your meat for you which is convenient. They have a decent grade of meat and there's a variety to order from.   The banchans are nicely seasoned and they usually bring out Jun (korean pancake) and some cheesy corn (which I still don't understand why you would eat Korean food with cheesy corn) to place on the grill. They also bring you plenty of kimchi and kong-namul (bean sprouts) which they'll grill for you to enjoy with the meat.  At the end of your meal definitely ask for the fried rice (I think it's a little extra). They'll add rice, eggs, veggies, and whip you up some kimchi fried rice with whatever meat you still have grilling. Yum!  As this was the first AYCE KBBQ I discovered in Las Vegas, I would come here until I discovered Tofu Hut. Honey Pig is a bit pricier (over $25 I believe for dinner) where Tofu Hut is $17 and also comes with my favorite steamed egg and bean paste soup.   Honey Pig is good, but not the best in my opinion.
2, I wish I could be more enthusiastic about this place, but the truth is that good sushi isn't exactly scarce here, so you'll need a few other points of pride if you want to do well.    We've been twice.  The first time was right after they opened.  We approached the hostess stand to the right (if you're standing in front of the restaurant) and the girl snarled, "You need to put your names in over there," pointing to the other hostess stand to the left (basically just a counter where menus were spread out).  Okay.  Our visit that time was unremarkable - nice waiter, good food, really dead for a place that just opened.  It was the second visit this weekend that solidified my opinion.  Wouldn't ya know, we approached the "correct" counter this time and stood there waiting.  And waiting.  And... waiting.  A hostess approached... no, she diverted to the right-hand stand and began counting out her drawer.  After a couple minutes I cleared my throat, she looked up and said, "Um, are you dining in?"  I said, "Yes, we were hoping to, but we've been standing here for almost ten minutes."  Not even the grace for a perfunctory apology, she grabbed two menus and stalked into the restaurant.  I assumed we were meant to follow her, so we did.  Big mistake!  We ordered two apps (garlic edamame and eggplant fries, both good) and three rolls (two of which were very good).  I don't know what to say about the third roll, a baked roll, because it never came.  We waited and waited... our waitress disappeared.  She finally showed up and we asked for the check, which of course, included the missing roll.  We explained that we didn't receive it and asked her to take it off the check.  She was embarrassed, very nice, about it, but explained that "the first one got burned and they are trying to make you another one."  Really, 30 minutes after our food came out?  And no one was going to tell us unless we asked?  There were literally three other occupied tables in the restaurant.  The bartender was eating a pretzel.  It's not like it was too busy to handle the Saga of the Burned Roll.  Needless to say we will not be back.
1, So disgusted and disappointed I hate when I feel like I'm being ripped off and I will spread the Word all over so others don't experience my disgust the company I used to book the party bus platinum ride limos apparently just like to rip ppl off and take there money and are the most unprofessional ppl I have  ever dealt with I was late 15 mins from being dropped back off and they charged me an additional $135 which was a full hour fee for services they did not provide once I saw this additional charge on top of all that I spent for there services not to mention leaving the driver a Big Tip outside of all the money spent to basically be dropped off. I called the owner who basically implied that money meant more to him then his customers or future business. I personally will spread this throughout Arizona. DO NOT BOOK WITH THEM.  If I could give a negative star I would no need and sending a pretend response on the bottom of the review actting surprised or as if your company had no knowledge of this attempting to make fellow yelpers believe differently because I attempted and spent majority of my morning conversing about this with your company who could careless. No regards or even a comparison to the amount of money spent with your company this past weekend not to mention the future business that would have came from business associates, family and friends. Sad to see people could careless about customer service, dignity, and the good of there so called businesses.
1, No bueno. Sales Associates was helpful and nice but the manager.... Rude, condescending, no interpersonal skills, and probably another 5-6 vulgar descriptions. The new Mazda's have tons of features and drive pretty smooth. My next car will most likely be a Mazda but best believe not from this dealership. The attitude the manager was giving is out of this world.  Coming into the dealership, I expressed that I do not NEED to change cars at this time. I can, if I get a lucrative deal, but it's not a must. I am generally happy with my car but since I've had it for two years, I CAN upgrade. I repeatedly expressed this to the manager, as well as the MOST I am willing to pay but it seemed that he thought it was "The Price is Right" while for me it was more of "Deal or No Deal". When he saw that I was pretty serious about what I was willing to spend, he got snappy and said that I'm supposed to meet him half way. I don't know how HE does business, may be starting really high on a price typically get's him the amount he wants consumers to pay, but that does not work with me.  Needles to say, I will be going to another dealership, just annoyed that I have wasted my time here.
5, We were looking for somewhere new and came to Yelp for help. Visited here based on other reviews and, I must say, food, service and atmosphere were excellent. There's currently a storm rolling through town (remnants of Hurricane Bill) so their outside seating was partially closed. The inside was alive and full of energy.   We placed our reservations via their website, when we walked in and our reservation was right there. They are on their game. Our waitress, Cathy, was very friendly, professional and attentive.   Appetizer of small sampler platter and grape leaves were incredible. For our main meal, I had the chicken sampler over rice with grilled pepper, while my wife had the Turkish lamb chops over rice, both were wonderful; there were no leftovers. For dessert, we split their rice pudding (and I'm a sucker for rice pudding).   Near the end, the owner stopped by to see how we enjoyed dinner. He asked if we tried the baklava, and when he heard we hadn't, he went back to the kitchen and brought out two small pieces, perfect for sampling. Needless to say, it, too, was amazing.   If I had one complaint it would be the fact that parking is at a premium in that location. We found a spot around the corner on a residential street.  Just take care not to block a driveway or park in front of a hydrant. Not that big of an issue, I was able to walk off the baklava after dinner.   Thank you for a great experience and an even better dinner. We'll definitely be back... I already miss the sampler platter.
5, Wow! What can I say, this is the place to go in Vegas if you are looking for some rest and relaxation away from the Strip, but not too far away where you can easily get to the strip when you want to go.. They have the top rated Spa in all of Las Vegas, the nicest cleanest rooms with doorbells on them even and do not disturb button or please clean room bottom that you can just push when you need one of those things. I would highly recommend using your players club card so you can get the casino rate or even a complimentary room... The staff is super nice and friendly and take care of all your needs. They have several bars there, one near the pool and has some neat couches that you could sit on with silk covering them or you can relax outside by the pool with your drink.. They also have the district where you can go shopping conveniently located next door and many fast food restaurants where you can eat or high end or other restaurants priced in the middle.. I have been there many times and have never been disappointed!!
3, Let me start off with saying I hate blow-drying my own hair... so naturally when my mom offered me one of her groupons to use to have someone do that for me, I was all about it. I was really excited because a lot of beauty bloggers talk about blow dry bars and I definitely cannot achieve a good blow out on my own. This wasn't the worst, but it could have been a lot better. Everyone was really sweet and professional, but honestly, if I knew my hair was going to be half-a** blow dried and then curled with a straightener, I would have done it myself. My hair is really long and my stylist used a 1" straightener and PULLED SO HARD to curl my hair, leaving these juvenile spin-y curls. It's just not flattering for long hair. I was hoping to have it styled with the brushes and less so with any hot irons. Also, I watched my styled literally put 4 products in the palm of her hand before into my hair. FOUR! That's not right. I am giving three stars because the service itself was great, but the techniques were poor. I'd actually be willing to go back again (because I hate blow-drying my hair) and try conveying my vision better. But y'all. Come on. Long hair needs beach waves or big curls.   (My mom's hair turned out great for 15 min and fell shortly after).
5, I have been seeing Dr Keller about 8 years now and while going to see your Gyno is not the most fun thing to do, she is one of my favorite doctors.  Her fun, upbeat personality and her friendly caring, staff have always been consistent and professional.  You may have to wait a few minutes on a phone call as her office gets busy, but her staff have always been pleasant and patient with me and all my questions.  *Warning* She is a firecracker.. straight forward and blunt and is full of laughs.  If you cannot handle that, then I suggest you go elsewhere.  But if you appreciate a no fluff doctor who has personality, who spends endless time educating herself and her patients and who doesn't just see you as an insurance payment and a lab result.. then I highly recommend Dr Maria Keller.  Dr Keller is one of the only doctors I have been able to build a cohesive relationship with, which in turn provides me the best women's health care.  For me, that gives me comfort.  Her office is also relaxing and calming.. makes me feel like I'm on a beach/ next to the ocean, rather than a doctors office.  I have lived in many different cities (west coast and east coast) and have not been able to find all this in any other doctor.
2, I have a mixed feeling about this place... but ultimately decided to give this place 1 star. And here is the reason why... We recently moved to Mountain's Edge and were in search of a new groomer for our 2 dogs (Dachshund terrier and Poodle mix). We saw the reviews for this place were good so decided to give it a try. They called us back in the expected time frame (about 5 hours). The dogs seemed fine and groomed. They did miss a couple of areas for our Dachshund (they missed his left ear and chest), but we didn't have any major complaints so we decided to take them again a few months later. The next time we went, it was my sister who paid and picked-up the dogs. When she was paying the tip for the groomer, the check-out girl saw the amount of tip and gave my sister a nasty look and asked if that was all the tip she was giving the groomer. My sister thought $30 for 2 small dogs for a simple hair and nail trims were enough (I have to mention that they are both well behaved dogs, and we have never had any complaints or problems with groomers, vets or people) And even if the tip wasn't enough, the girl should have not given her a dirty look and judged her. Ever since then, my sister refuses to take our dogs and her own dog to Barking Dogs. Not only because she was personally offended, but because she was afraid that they were going to mistreat our dogs for what they considered a "not enough" tip. The total for the 2 dogs was $90. We tipped more than 30%. We are now driving all the way back to our original groomer, Petiquette, where the owners and staff are friendly and they don't judge you for how much you tip, and where our dogs are well groomed and taken care of.
1, My wife and I visited East West Pizza because we purchased a restaurant.com gift certificate for $2 and we've been questing to find decent pizza in the area.  Our meal here was mediocre. We were pleased by the option to have the crust well done (my wife had hers done this way, while I stuck with the regular crust), but the taste was just bland and uninteresting -- totally lacking in the sort of flavour punch that makes a really good pizza.  I wasn't going to bother writing a review of the place as pizza is a pretty subjective area, however several months ago I received a spam email from East West -- I must have filled out some comment card or something so, I emailed them and asked them nicely to remove me from their list. They replied, very apologetic, and promised to do so.   For the next several months, despite this guarantee, I continued to receive spam in my email from East West. I emailed them again, this time asking more forcefully to be removed from their list and received no reply - just more spam over the next month or two. Tonight I emailed centurylink, their email host, and reported them for spamming.  East West Pizza - two stars for mediocre pizza that I never feel the need to taste again, minus one star for being spammers.
4, Great wings and awesome salad! Lol  Went here with a group of friends. I made the reservation on a Sunday and didn't really feel like I needed it as it wasn't too busy. Got sat down quickly and our friends slowly started arriving.  The wings are a little bit more pricey than other wing nights elsewhere around the city but perhaps it's because of their selection and gluten free options! Either way I definitely think its worth it. The wings were a great size, not too small and not on steroids. They do have drummettes with the wings too so they are not ALL wings in case you were wondering.  I ordered salad too with my order. Neat concept where you are able to pick whatever unlimited free toppings! This was awesome as I don't see too many places do this and the serving size was definitely for sharing! Some toppings are a buck or two. The dressings were great too!   Overall, casual atmosphere. Seems like a great neighbourhood pub with more healthy options than other pubs. I like what they are doing here and will definitely come back...especially for Sunday wing night
4, I been here couples of times when I was in Vegas with friends. When I got here I didn't think this place was a Vietnamese place since it looked more Americanize. There was no line or waiting when we got here and was seated right away, When I looked at menu there was so many choices to pick. I noticed that people were ordering the ox tail pho or lobster pho. I ordered Bun Bo hue since it my favorite noodle. I also ordered Vietnamese coffee since I was tired from the long drive to Vegas. The coffee was good that it help me stay wide awake the whole day lol. While the girls all ordered their District famous ox tail pho,  I had to be the "Unique" out of the group lol.  The portions of the bun bo hue and pho was big. It was very good. I got to taste of some of pho since my friend shared with me. I was impress with their pho so next time I will order the Ox tail Pho or maybe the lobster pho. The servers were very attentive and checked on us often . They refills our water often. I will definitely will be back when I'm in the Chinatown Vegas.
5, so i'm greek and every time i go here, i get yelled at for not coming in all the time.  honestly, when i want greek food, either i make it myself or i go to mom's house and just have to say, "ma, i'm hungry." and boom, there's a plate in front of me.  that aside, this place is about as family style greek cooking as it gets.  it does taste like what i grew up eating.  the spanakopita is flaky, buttery and moist as it should be.  melts in your mouth.  the dolmathes are very rich and with a good splash of lemon juice taste great.    i havent been there in some time so i'm not sure if he's still serving falafel but when he did, damn it was good.  some of the best i've had, period.  but the gyros are where it's at.  i can only have one of these every so often or i think my heart may come to an arresting halt.  there's just a ton of lamb falling out of the pita and there is no sexy way to eat it so you end up looking like a bulldog eating a jar of mayonnaise.  hit this place if your an ethnic foodie.  you wont be disappointed.  even when the owner yells at you for not coming in all the time.
4, For people expecting a $35 hand car wash job here, you're at the wrong place. This car wash, even at their highest priced wash, will give you a bare bones, decent wash so your car doesn't look like crap rolling down the street. We have been bringing both our vehicles here for about 2 years now, having bought the unlimited wash passes for both. My husband has a flat black dip job on his truck and it looks filthy after 2 days of normal driving. The $15/month pass is perfect- we can drive through and get it decently clean within a few minutes. I don't mind vacuuming myself or wiping down my own interior. The cars don't get spotlessly clean like they do at a handwash, but good enough for the price. My only issue is with the electronic pass for your windshield. It literally works properly 1/5 times. We were told this was due to a faulty pass and given a new one. Then we were told it was due to the polarized windshield, and they gave us a signed pass to keep in the glove compartment. We have problems each time we use it and are told that we need the adhered windshield pass. It take a 10 minute explanation each time until the manager comes out and recognizes us as near daily patrons. Otherwise, I think this place is a good bang for the buck!
3, I will say that the food was great.  Everything was cooked well and seasoned throughout.  I started off with the Lamb skewers, it was well seasoned and cooked properly and topped off with the even more flavor.  For dinner, I had Shaanxi Noodles w/Pork, jalapenos & onions.  The noodles appeared to be hand made which is a plus.  Also, I ordered the Fish Filet in Chili oil w/vegetables.  It has some bok choy and tons of bean sprouts and appeared to be seaweed.  That was soooo good, perfect heat index and flavorful.  Now, the place is small but can see several people...they are picnic type tables, but with regular chairs.  The food comes up rather quick; however, the customer service is basic...nothing to write home about.  This would be the cause of my lower rating.  I was never offered rice with my food and my water was never refilled or they never even checked on me.  It was just me and one other table for the most part.  As I was finishing up they did get two more tables.  So I'm not sure if they just didn't care or what.  The food is worth the visit, just don't expect good customer service.  I wouldn't voluntarily return on my own...because of the poor service.
3, Based on only one lunch visit although not perfect I would rate 4 stars for food but considering and factoring price I think 3 stars is accurate .   We started with the pretzel fondue , it is large and enough for four people so the $9 is fair and it did taste good but neither me or my companion tasted provolone cheese in the sauce , the cheese sauce tasted like grilled American cheese and butter and the color was same as orange American cheese . The pretzels were fresh and somewhat rich .   We saw our order being ran out to another table , we knew it was ours and then we saw it go back to the open kitchen and a few minutes latter it came back to us and you enjoy your food slightly less when you see it sit in front of people you don't know .   My companion ordered the beef short rib stew with green chili's and corn bread . The stew with packed with big chunks of very tender tasty meat but instead of corn bread a tortilla was given .   I had the chopped salmon salad and was surprised that the fish was a smoked fish and I think the menu should have said that and I do wonder if we didn't order the pretzel fondue if I would have received a roll or fancy cracker with my ($13) salad bread or cracker didn't come with it .   My salad was an Above Average Salad instead of the normal mix of greens the base of salad was marinated Kale and the other components of the salad were roasted cauliflower , currants and Marcona Almonds dressed perfect not too much . For my taste I would have preferred the cauliflower roasted crispy and maybe one other component to cut the rich fish and moist cauliflower .   approx $45 (before tip) soda , ice tea pretzel fondue , beef stew , salad (lunch time)
3, A few hours of swimming at Temptations Pool Party at the Luxor, you work up an appetite. My boyfriend, his best friend, and I decided to check this place out after finding out the AYCE Chinese Buffet next door turned into a Dim Sum a la carte restaurant. The place was fairly cramped with the booths real close to your gut. It was almost like my man boobs were actually sitting on the table when we were done. We all decided to get the AYCE sushi dinner (1 hour time limit), which was fairly priced.  The service was fast and so was the sushi that came from the sushi bar for the first 15 rolls. Most of the flavors seemed to have originated from Korean style, Kim chee especially the ahi poke. 90% of the rolls that came to the table were drenched or overly sauced. When I go to a Japanese restaurant, I expect my sushi to come out fresh, with natural flavors. So all the sauces on these rolls today, is masking the low quality fish.  The last 5 orders depreciated the ratings of this place.  They should watch the quality of all their products, especially the "mini beef platter", the meat tasted past due. So guess who had the runs for the past day and a half? So I didn't know if the meat was actually meant to be on the fermented side, cause the whole Korean influence, or they were trying to sneak away with serving the meat til it was sold out so their food cost wouldn't be so high. There was a sushi roll that had corn and grilled onions on top of it, like who does that? With over powering, mayo based sauce drenching the rolls underneath, It would be awesome if all their rolls came with a description of what's inside or on top, My boyfriend is allergic to tomatoes, citrus, and onions. So then my ramen came out. I was thinking it would be a homemade ramen noodle, with a nice broth. Nope, top ramen, Kim chee flavored, with a sprig of green onion, dusted with more Kim chee seasoning!  If. It weren't for the e.coli infested beef tips, the drenched and soggy rolls, the mediocre tempura ice cream, and the southwestern, over kill on the onions on top of the sushi, or the imitation ramen, I'd given this whole in the wall a higher rating!
2, Well, after being a loyal patron since moving to Mesa, AZ in 1991, it's sad that Matta's and me will be apartin' ways. I love their food! Their food is great but my last 2 visits (1 to the Riverview location and most recently the Higley location) left me extremely disappointed due to menu changes and inflexible customer service.   A few months ago at Riverview, I requested to make a substitution in an item that came with a new meal offering of their's that I wanted to order. My server told me it was not possible. (I'd like to note the young man was not my regular server, an awesome lady from Crotia who's terrific at her job!) The item I wanted sold a la carte for the same price as the item included in my meal. I even offered to pay a buck or two upcharge in order to get what I wanted but the server refused. I asked to speak with a manager several times but one never came to my table. I ordered something else and continued my request to speak with a manager who never came despite my server's reassurance that he would. I haven't been back since.   Today, I stopped at the Higley location, ordered a burro with a side of sour cream and a drink. I've ordered this burro by itself numerous times over the past several years (most recently last month) but today I was told it now comes with choice of beans or rice. They could not sell me just the burro. After much insistence that I did not want either, a lady working behind the counter told cashier and me that I didn't have to take the side but they couldn't adjust the price. I thought she might offer to comp my side of sour cream or my drink in exchange; but no such luck. So, $10.69 for a burro and a drink! I just find it difficult to spend hard-earned money and either not be able to get what I want or feel taken advantage of.   Matta's, it's been a nice run with you but I won't be coming back.
4, This is the place you come to when you are on a budget and need a sushi fix. It's honestly a bang for your buck!   We ordered the red dragon, rainbow, black dragon, spicy salmon, salmon ginger wasabi roll and one assorted tempura. (We also got complimentary enoki beef rolls because they messed up an order!) Oh, and I can't forget the complimentary miso soup and ice cream.   All of this came up to a sweet $58 and some.   Obviously the quality can't be compared to Guu down the street.. But still quality sushi regardless. The rolls could be a little more creative, but it's not a big deal. The ingredients still mingled. Presentation wise.. Well honestly when you pay for fast service and cheap quality food.. Who cares!  Avocado was bang on (total pet peeve when they're not fresh or browning), portions were reasonable and sashimi was fresh.   Service is always fast at this place. The only thing I dislike about Sushi on Bloor is the "waiting area" in the front. It often gets busy and results in a 10-15min wait for a table. People often line up in this tiny corridor between the inside/outside doors.. It gets way too congested and makes me feel super impatient with all the people brushing past me. Stop shoving me!! I'm hungry and cranky too!   Well despite the cranky and hungry sushi lovers...  My sushi craving has been satisfied tonight!
3, It's a local favorite for people who live in the Cave Creek area. The building is split into two venues.  One side is the coffee side.  It opens for those who need an early coffee and maybe a pastry.  They also offer a simple menu of oatmeal, egg/bacon or sausage or what they call their "Big Ass" Burrito.  They also have a "Small Ass" Burrito if you're not that hungry.  The coffee is their own and  is roasted on the premises.  I love the smell of it when I drive through the town.  Their coffee offerings are equal to what you would find at Starbuck's but they also have some items unique to them.  Their "Mocaffe" (Mexican spiced hot chocolate) is one of my faves.  The wine side is open for lunch/dinner time.  The menus are small, and most items would be considered appetizers.  However, the menu is unique enough that you feel like you are getting a little something special. It's always fun to make a meal of apps. Good sandwiches too. They also do a decent pizza.  Monday nights, they offer a $5 price on many of their wines.  It's a good time to try some labels that maybe you aren't used to. The free WI-FI is a definite plus.  The ambiance is wonderful, overstuffed chairs, art and entertainment in the evening.  I think you'll be pleased.
3, Hey Pacific East... I like you and all, but I think we should just be friends. Is that OK?   I harbor no ill will towards Pac East, in fact, I like the sushi here a lot. I've just, well you know... had better. Not that we have a plethora of amazing sushi places to choose from in the CLE (hello, Lake Erie), but I do think we have some better choices. One is right up the street!   Pacific East got voted "Best in Cleveland" a few years in a row or something. Cool. I mean, I definitely think the food is great. I've never had bad sushi or service. I've even had lots of take-out that was tasty when I got it home.   Some things in particular that I like:   1) Thank you Pacific East for your low prices. You make eating healthy, tasty sushi on a budget possible. Especially back when I literally had barely enough money to live. Yum.  2) Fast, friendly service. I know I can always hit up Pac East for a quick bite to eat before I have to go do something else.   3) Good quality food that is consistent. Nothing is worse than varying dishes that you love the first time around, but the second just sucked.   The only downside I can see about Pacific East is really just the parking situation on Coventry. There's limited street space, I never have change for the dang meters in the garage, and the Cleveland Heights police department loves to write parking tickets. But hey, that pretty much goes for any business on that street.
1, This place is ridiculous! Went there with the girlfriend for drinks and some food... when it came to pay the girl somehow "lost" my credit card on the way to her checkout station. After watching the staff fumble around with a flash light for 10 minutes she finally comes and tells me she lost my card... but she's still looking. 5 minutes later she walks back from another table with my card. I ask her of she gave my card to someone else, she did. I ask her if she understands that these strangers could have taken down my CC info. She apologises...I ask for a manager because clearly she doesn't understand how bad it is to give a customers cc to someone else. After asking for a manager 3 times the bartender finally comes over 15 minutes later to apologize for charging someone else's bill on my card... wtf?! This is the first I hear I paid for someone else's bill too??? I am obviously upset about this and she immediately walks away saying "you know what I've got other people to help, I tried being nice " I followed her asking for a managers contact info and she simply went to the back of the bar... appalling... f**K this place. Ownership of one's actions is clearly something these idiots don't understand. Calling back tomorrow to hopefully talk to an adult.
1, The food is a little higher than Red Lobster. I ordered a Baked Potato but was told it would be an additional 20 minute wait. So I asked for a sweet potato instead. It was a $1 up charge. IMO, the shouldn't have charge me $1 for the sweet potato when they didn't have any regular baked potatoes ready. It still took an extra 10 minutes for the sweet potato and it came out over cooked. Our waitress was attentive, but I felt sorry for the other customers. Their waitress was constantly had her boyfriends table. She must have gone over to his table 15 times while we were there and he had already had his food served before we even sat down. She was very attentive to him, brought him out a baked potato, onion rings, rolls, etc to go with his meal. She must have filled the condiments at his table at least 3x while we were there.  When I went to the bathroom after we ate, the custodian was emptying the trash and cursing up a storm with the hostess. She saw me and they both just laughed. Neither one of them apologized for their language or for me having to wait to use the restroom. Now I am all for a clean bathroom, but I shouldn't have to listen to young adults cuss up a storm while I wait. There was no manger on site. Seems the restaurant is run by teens and young adults.
1, I have been looking for a traditional Mexican taqueria, so I search on Yelp and found this store which has a taqueria in the back, so I drove the more than 15 miles to get to this place just to be disappointed. I had to admit that I've arrived one hour before closing but, that shouldn't be a reason for their poor quality food that they sell there. First of all they pre-prepare the meats and the condiments early in the morning so by the time when I got there the food looked really old and nasty, the condiments like cilantro,onions,salsa and limes are all placed on a salad bar for all the customers to pick their favorites,the drawback of that is that by the time when I got to pick mine everything was mixed up salsa on the onions and the cilantro and the limes were old,very unattractive look. So I didn't start looking at the place until after I have placed my order and just by looking at the meats and the salad bar I had to throw my food in the garbage and walked away from that place. I thought about saying something but, what were they going to do? Give my money back? Or replace the tacos for others with the same kind of meat?  I didn't even tried so I just walked away and never coming back.
1, I decided to try Marvellous Edibles because of the rave review the first reviewer gave it, and because it is in my neighborhood of Leaside. I've always driven past it and wondered what it was like, but since she gave it such a great review, I thought I'd give it a go.   The restaurant has a sort of Parisian cafe feel to it, with mismatched chairs and some booths and tables, and a mural on the wall. Upon arrival mid-Saturday afternoon, we were also presented with 3 menus, breakfast (which was ending shortly), sandwiches and another menu which appeared to be dinner options, priced $16 - $24 range. My friend and I both selected from the sandwich menu.   I ordered the BLT, but having noticed that they served peameal bacon for breakfast, asked if I could have peameal on my BLT, they obliged, no problem. My friend ordered the meat loaf sandwich and we both ordered the sweet potato fries.   Service was fast, there were only 2 other occupied tables in the restaurant. I was expecting an average sandwich, didn't really figure you can screw up a BLT, er...thought wrong. The peameal was overcooked, and very dry, and it was served on 'white' bread, no egg or challah bread to be found here!! I was disappointed. The whole sandwich was dry, I asked for mayo, and the waiter said there was already mayo on it, I opened it up and the thing was bare. I showed him, and said, "Umm, actually there's not..." (awkward...)   My friend's meatloaf sandwich was a mess!! First she had asked for no onions, was allergic to them, and upon receiving the sandwich, had to proceed to pick off somewhere in the range of 7-8 pieces of red onion off of her sandwich!! The problem with the sandwich was just that it was a complete mess. It was on a regular bun, and gravy was poured over the meatloaf and the other half of the bun was placed on top. On service, the bottom part of the bun, is soaked, drenched in gravy, making it impossible to pick up! It was just a mess, I think it would be a much more successful item choice if perhaps it was served as an open faced meat loaf sandwich, with the gravy in a boat on the side that you pour on yourself at the time you are going to eat it, so that the bottom bun doesn't disintegrate.   As if our food quality wasn't bad enough while we were attempting to salvage a meal out of it, our entertainment was listening to our waiter bicker with the other waitress about table assignment and allocation of tips and how unfair she had been. The disagreement got quite heated and their voices were raised, creating quite a bit of tension in the restaurant amongst the customers, or at least, that was my perception.   Overall, I was not impressed with the food or the service of this restaurant. I would not recommend it. I will not be returning to try their breakfast or brunch, or even to give it a second chance. Unfortunately, that was my very first and last visit. You know what they say, you never get a second chance to make a first impression.
4, Location: 51st ave & Northern (Northeast corner)  I don't really get the "shady vibe" some got from this location.   Inside, the decor is exotic, welcoming and...unexpected. Being in a strip mall, I didn't expect such attention to detail.   The Food: Fantastic. But oddly, whenever we eat AT the restaurant, the food is rave-ingly good. It seems when we take it to go, we've gotten dry, unimpressive meals a few times. Not sure what that's about.  I love that they use the broccoli stalks rather than the heads. Definitely cuts the gas factor down for me.  My favorite meals: * Crispy Fried Fish ($11.95) - Non-fishy tasting catfish in an awesome coconut curry sauce...mmmm...Ironically, the fish is NOT crispy but who cares? * Just tried the Pad-See-Yew Noodles last night ($8.95) and I looooooooooooooooooooved it. The noodles were buttery tasting and the fried tofu (you can choose from tofu, beef, pork, chicken, shrimp, scallops, squid, or seafood combo) was a great firmish consistency. * Thai Egg rolls ($2.50 for 2) - Yummy but they contain chicken and now that I'm vegetarian, can't have 'em. * Fried Rice is yummy and fresh... Comes with cucumbers and tomatoes which is kind of weird but refreshing.  There's always plenty leftover for another tasty meal manana. The customer service is cordial and friendly.  The Bad: 1) Closed Mondays (weird day to close) 2) No website (in this day and age, there is no excuse for this. No one says you have to get all fancy and post the menu and stuff but even if you just put up 1 cheap page with your name, logo, address and directions...) 3) A few issues with takeout quality 4) The mounted flat screen kind of kills the ambiance.
4, I came here 1 week after it opened.  The beers were good, adventurous, over all well done.  I'm an IPA fan and they did those well.  I loved the half pours because they gave me the option to try a large amount of the beer list without having too much.  They do 1/2 pours instead of flights.  So don't be disappointed if there are no flights, because the 1/2 pours are perfect....you can try so much more!  It wasn't overly crowded and the service was on point.  The cheese and meat board was a nice size and you can choose your own.  The wings were also pretty good.  The place is the start to something wonderful.    There is street parking only, so take it when you can get it!  Also, although the street sign says East Railroad Street, those of us from the South Hills know this road as Washington Pike coming from Bridgeville and Washington Ave coming from Carnegie.  I'm not really sure why the township renamed this road East Railroad Street because it parallels West Railroad Street.  As a person in the map making field....this is really odd.  You don't usually have east & west road names parallel to each other.   So just be aware, this is on the main drag.
3, Came here for lunch as we couldn't decide where to go and just ended up here  It started off great with us being seated fast and our waitress being at the table helping us with the menu and explaining specials. I ordered the carne asada plate and the rest of our table ordered. That is about where the great service stopped. A couple other people came after and it seemed that her service went to the other 2 tables as they got their food before us even after being seated well after us and they had their bill paid and left well before we could even get her attention for the bill. After getting the bill we had to sit around even more waiting for her to get it and return our card. This is the loss of the 2 stars as poor service can ruin an experience  The food was pretty good though. My carne asada was very moist and very flavorful. I was able to make a burrito with it as they serviced it with chorizo beans, rice, and guacamole and sour cream and a tortilla. They also served some potatoes with it but they were meh at the best. Still had extra carne asada which was very nice as I was able to eat it alone and it was good. The chips and salsa was good and they had this tomatillo salsa that was great  Overall, I'd probably return but not if I was in a hurry or had to meet people somewhere
2, Had to send the steak back 3 times- unacceptable-  medium rare should not be a difficult task for an establishment that considers itself a steak house-    all the sides were great (all i got to eat since they never prepared the steak appropriately) especially the little fries  here is the steak experience ask for medium rare receive blood flowing raw send back receive charred on the outside no flowing blood but still clearly raw send back receive new steak- i tell the waiter to stay and watch, even before cutting i can tell that this steak (which is again charred on the outside) will again be raw no steak for me this night  manager makes cursory attempt at apology, takes steak off, gee big thank you there considering i didn't eat it, nothing else was comped, i figure since my wife pretty much ate alone that they would have made up a little more-  dont think i ever paid over $200 for a meal i didnt get to eat before, and i dont intend on doing it again  eat any where else in the hotel and you are sure to enjoy yourself,  would be really hard for me to consider giving this place another shot with all the other options in Vegas
3, Hmm. Ultimately a hotel is a place to sleep and this one was pretty good at that. And it was a reasonable price for being downtown. But I can't count the number of times that my friends and I (there were 7 of us in 3 rooms) said, "this is a really weird hotel..."  - you pay before your stay  - the rooms have numeric keypad entries like houses can have. So remember to lock your door when you leave! We didn't realize this initially  - the suites with kitchenettes are handy, modern, but very ikea.   - the rooms are incredibly hot. The little home sized air conditioning unit doesn't quite do the trick.   - our shower plugged up and wouldn't drain on first use. I went down to front desk, they were very pleasant and said they'd send someone the next morning, that they couldn't switch us rooms because the hotel was fully booked. Understandable. At 2pm the next day someone came to look at our shower. Good thing I'd found the plunger labeled 'for shower/sink only' and fixed it myself because we had to be at a wedding by 3.   - the morning of our checkout a woman knocked on our door at 9:30 to ask when we'd be ready to checkout. Well, considering checkout is 11, probably around then. (Our room was missing its 'do not disturb' sign).   So. We had a fine time. The TV worked and the beds were comfortable. It did the trick. But we probably wouldn't stay again.
2, 2.5 star  My experience with Arepa is limited...  aside from having the Venezuelan style  Arepa at Arepa Cafe http://www.yelp.ca/biz/arepa-cafe-toronto#hrid:Pxplj67nbkQA-VCbm8_93w/src:self which I thoroughly enjoyed.   When my Yelp Friend suggested Arepiando, I am IN!  Prices wise, Arepiando's Arepa is almost half of what Arepa Cafe is charging... but the location of course matters a lot!! Arepiando is located in a Latin American area up in North York, while Arepa Cafe is down in Queen St West. The set up of Arepiando is more like a takeout place where you can watch the cook/cashier/owner preparing your arepa through the glass window.  Arepiando might serves really authentic Colombia Arepa, but I didn't enjoy the white corn arepa as much, I found that it was just too crunchy and chewy.  Since in Colombia, Arepa usually eaten as Breakfast or Afternoon snacks, so most of the Arepa here at Arepiando has cheese and eggs as the main ingredients!  My Yelp Friend decided on:   Arepa con Chicharron ($5) - Fried Pork Skin with Cheese - So chewy... so dried... I am glad I still have all my teeth if not I won't be able to eat the pork... but I might have problem digesting it though - taste wise, it was pretty bland, the hot sauce on the side was pretty weak, I tried to dip it in the dressing.....  Arepa Ranchera ($4) - Eggs with Chorizo and Cheese - definitely a breakfast sandwich.. the scrambled eggs were really fluffy but unfortunately the sausages were on the dry side  Lulo Juice Cocktail ($1.50) and Strawberry Soda ($1.50) - My first experience with Lulo was good which has a citrus flavour - My friend's Strawberry Soda tasted just like cough syrup!! But he like cough syrup!  The lady was so nice, even gave us a chicken empanada to try... but the empanada was meh too... bland and dry...  I really want to like Arepiando........ Maybe it is just me??
4, I try my best to be honest and detailed so that other tourists can make an informed decision regarding visiting an establishment.   My wife and I were in Vegas looking for good Italian food. We searched Yelp and other resources and decided we wanted to try this restaurant.   Our journey: this is not the restaurants fault, but worth noting. Not knowing how to get to this establishment we relied on the directory. BIG MISTAKE. no joke it took us 20 min to find this place. After asking, and looking at several directories ( that show "you are here" backwards from where you really are). At one point my wife and I were tempted to just eat any place, but it became a game to find this restaurant. Once here it was smaller than expected and kind of exposed to the mall. But we were happy to find it!   The service was superb! Wish I remembered our waiters name. A younger Italian gentleman. Super nice, checked on us at all the right times. Overall very good service.   Food: we both had Caesar salads that were very good. I had chicken parmesan which was great and my wife had chicken Marsala. It was honestly very good food.   Our bill came and it was "cheap" for Vegas, around $80 or so. Considering we had great service and good food I put $120 bucks in the binder and we finished our drinks. Our waitress took the bill, asked if we needed change and I said no you're all set. 2 min later he walked pasted us and thanked us which was nice. As we left he made it a point to thank us again saying he really appreciated it. I wasn't looking for that, but it was very nice of him.   I recommend this place. No frills, small, but great food with good service.
5, Wow! I remember seeing this place open up near my apartment. Didn't look like much but me being the way I am insisted on trying it. Apparently it's everything I ever dreamed of: asian buffet (good quality food as opposed to the crap you find on most asian buffets), and ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI!  When I found out about the ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI I kinda felt unnerved at the idea, presuming it would most likely be pretty gross. Man was I ever proved wrong. I have eaten in a lot of Toronto's sushi joints and this place definitely has some of the best sushi in town.  As for the environment it is very clean. Washrooms are beautiful. Servers are all very nice when you can get their attention. Though they have gotten better. When we first started going in we were some of their first customers so we got astounding service. When the pace started to pick-up though we noticed the quality of service diminish. But they have made some good improvements. They're a new business so I'll give them a break this time I guess.  If there were any quirks about the place I'd have to point out it would be their hilarious selection of music. Some nights you will go in and it will be good ol asian music straight through. But other times we have been in there you get the classic asian music mixed with unbelievably random songs ranging from forgot about dre (Dr. Dre and Slim Shady) to what I think was a bootlegged Iron Maiden song.   All in all one of my favourite spots in the city if your looking for a good meal for an awesome price.  Speaking of price, lunch is from 1100-1600 and costs $10 for the buffet. After 1600 its $14. On weekend add $2 to both of those prices.  Also, Oishi Sushi was just recently licensed to serve liquor and their beer is dirt cheap at less than $4 a bottle (domestic)!!!  If your ever up in the Downsview area be sure to hit this place up. Would recommend over any Wasabi and maybe even over the Mandarine with Oishi Sushi introduction of Crab Legs to their dinner buffet!
4, With a party of 7, we booked a reservation for 6 and was easily added on an extra person when we got to the restaurant. Overall, food was prettttty good, but service was lacking for what the price of the restaurant. Service felt a bit disorganized.   Let's start with their complimentary Baguette with jam and butter. Love their baguette - light, crisp, and perfect with their jam. I could just eat this for the meal. Cheese platter was one of the best I've had - it came with cow, sheep, and goat cheese; hard, medium, soft; mild, semi pungent. My favorite was the truffle cheese - oh man, the truffle flavor was strong. Along with the cheeses were honey comb, walnut, sliced apples, and delicious bread crisp with dried fruits. Pair the sweet offerings with the Cheese, it was a perfect flavor medley in the mouth.   Moving onto my Omlette Du Jour - I was a bit disappointed. I was expecting a fluffier omlette, but I think my eggs were a bit over cooked. French Onion Soup was divine - the soup was reduced, the caramelized onion flavor really shined through, a bit salty as French Onion soup tends to be, cheese was perfect.
2, We dined here on 06/05/14.  Was super excited to celebrate my husband's birthday at this restaurant.   The waiter was extremely pushy regarding the drinks and I felt as though he was constantly rushing us through ordering and our meal.  Appetizers were blue corn pancake with duck & blue corn lobster tacos. Both were OK. The duck was covered in a lot of sauce for my personal taste buds and was a touch boring. The taco was OK but very underwhelmed.  I ordered the filet medium and husband ordered the NY strip medium. It was explained to us that medium was PINK. My steak was medium rare. I told the waiter and he said that was what he told me. OK waiter person, whatever you say. I just wasn't in the mood to fight with him.  The sides were very good. The horseradish twice baked potato and the corn cojita.  Was disappointed in the dessert after just one bite.  Credit Card was authorized for the total of the bill $194.00. After tip the total was $244.00 and that was also authorized on the credit card.  The $244.00 was charged on 06/09/14. The authorization for $194.00 is still on my credit card as of 06/11/14.  Grrr...
5, My day was centered around visiting Sweetie Fry today as I wanted to totally treat myself to a gluttonous lunch.  I had to wait until they opened (2:30) but it was no problem as I hung out at Phoneix Coffee, right down the street.  I introduced myself  to the owner, Keith and was treated to sample after sample of all of the AMAZING flavors that he had to offer.  Pumpkin flavors will certainly steal the show this time of year and his small soup pot of salted caramel should not be missed,  he took the time to put caramel onto a small spoon for me to sample.  Goat Cheese with honey and walnuts was my choice after trying everything.  My head was reeling after so many wonderful samples.  Vegan-non dairy fruit sorbets are present for some nice variety and you can tell they stand behind the perfection in each flavor!  I can only hope that the strawberry sour cream will be there the next time I visit.  The color and flavor of this one was so fresh and reminded me of strawberries that we would pick and eat at the local strawberry patch in my hometown. After enjoying a perfect basket of fries with gorgonzola cheese and tabasco sauce, I was ready to commit to a few flavors of ice cream.   What was the most refreshing thing about my visit was the enthuiaism of the owner.  He is on to something here, especially if customers are so valued as I was!
1, This is the worst shuttle service you will ever see in your life. The whole experience was a nightmare. We departed the airport and found their booth outside and waited in line only to find out since we had a voucher we did not need a ticket. It did not state anywhere on there about that.  Next we went over to stand in line and wait for the shuttle with the other 50 or so people. Shuttle took 15-20 minutes to arrive. It took another 15 minutes to load and depart and then it was another 15 minutes before another one arrived. Luckily I was able to get on that one, but what a fiasco. They have the worst service and are way too slow. They want you to call in advance to arrange your return pick up and they come and get you 2-3 hours before you need to be at the airport. F*** that. These people will never see me or any of my money again. We are taking a cab back to the airport since we are close I think it would have been cheaper just to take a cab in the first place. Never use these people they are horrible and you will regret it. Big mistake I will never make again EVER!!!!!!!!!!
4, Kick off your high heels and peel off that tight dress!  This is the place to unwind.    We arrived 20 minutes before our services began.  I learned next time to go even earlier than that to make use of the great amenities.    After filling out a little paperwork we waited were escorted to our separate wings.    The girl gave me slippers, robe, and a locker.  I only had time to change into my robe (they have private changing rooms) and gulp down a cup of ice water.    I had one of the SIGNATURE RITUALS package.  My body melted!  Afterward, I used the steam and dry sauna.  Make sure to grab a cucumber iced towel (and a few cucumbers for your eyes) before you head into the sauna.  They have an endless supply of towels ready for you inside the spa.  Once you are exhausted from sweating out alcohol through your pores, get something to drink/eat in their dimly lit room.  There are magazines and a TV.  When you're ready for your shower they have razors, shampoo, conditioner, and body wash for you.  ENJOY!
2, I don't know if anyone else has noticed that these cigs are less and less satisfying than they used to be when this place first opened.  ???  Myself and a few people I know have been getting ryo cigs at these stores for a few years now....and the tobacco has progressively been getting worse and worse.  Meaning....the low level of nicotine in the tobacco is not satisfying at all!  I can smoke 3 cigs in a row....and barely feel like I got any nicotine.  And the shit inside the tobacco burns like a god damn forest fire!  It smells like wood or plastic or I don't know what.  They smoke like crazy!  And they burn a lot faster too!  I can tell you that the Kentucky Tobacco they bought back when these places opened....is NOT the same as the shitty tobacco they get today...but still call it the "same Kentucky Tobacco".  And try to explain this to someone that works at these places who doesn't even smoke....is like talking to the wall.  I know the owners have got to know that this tobacco really sucks now.  But I guess they figure...you get what you get.  Clearly they are getting much cheaper tobacco than in the past.  It's almost like it's 30% normal tobacco and 70% who the hell knows?  But what I do know is....it's a fraction of the nicotine that was in the original Kentucky Tobacco they used to get and now it sets off the damn smoke detectors in my house from them burning like a camp fire!  Good things never last.
4, My fiance and I are Las Vegas locals, and often frequent the restaurants in the Henderson/Green Valley area.  As folks who work in the service and hospitality industries ourselves, we are often on the look out for restaurants that offer both good service and great food!  King's Fish House is one of the better seafood restaurants in Las Vegas, and has a good reputation.  We have been to this place before, and almost always have a great time.  The menu is huge, with many items to choose from (not just seafood); in fact, on my most recent visit here, I ordered a Southwestern Salad with blackened chicken.  Our server was a great guy with a lot of information on the menu  items.  He offered some suggestions to help us decide which items we would choose for lunch, and he was courteous and personable.  A win-win!  King's Fish House has definitely taken a more hand's-on approach to making sure that the service is great and that the food comes out fresh and in a timely manner.  Always a bonus when you visit a restaurant with a good reputation and it holds up over time.  I highly recommend this place for lunch, dinner or their awesome desserts
1, The only good that came from eating here was that the bill was comped.  Went for dinner 22 April. Everything was fine up until the part where people actually eat, which is a major issue being a restaurant. Two distinctly different dishes were ordered; yellow curry with tofu and Seafood Delight. Hers came out in a reasonable amount of time. I told her to not wait for me and eat, believing my order would be coming out shortly.  Meanwhile, a table of two came in, and was seated at a table that was in my line of sight. They got their drinks, ordered and started to eat  Every so often, staff would peek around to see me, sitting there not eating. Eventually, one of the waitresses comes over.  "Is everything okay? Everything except I haven't received my order."  Minutes later...  "Is everything okay? Is there something wrong in the kitchen? I'm still waiting for my food."  Her response was that the order slipped through the cracks because of a larger party's (20+) order, which doesn't sound right. The party she was talking about was already seated and eating when we walked in, and the table that was seated in my line of sight came in after us and was already eating. Additionally, our order was taken on one ticket, not two (2) separate orders, so both orders should have been started at the same time  My plate finally shows up, but I'm so upset that I don't eat. For five minutes, I debate whether or not to ask for the manager. And again, every so often the staff would peek around to see me, sitting there and not eating. Was finally persuaded to just eat so we can leave.  We had finished our meals. The male waiter shows up, and asks how things are going. She had asked for a to go container, which was brought promptly. She filled the container with her leftovers, and the dishes were taken away.  We sat around for another 15 minutes. No one bothered to ask if we were ready for our check. That table of two? Already out the door. While we were waiting, we had a talk about her talking with management, because I knew she would be calmer than I would be. We go to the front and had to ask the hostess we would like to pay, but we never received a bill.  "What table was yours? The table that had to wait over fifteen minutes for my dinner."  At that point, I pulled $25 out of my pocket, and handed it to her while taking her take out container. Was so livid that I told the hostess that she had something to say to management and I had to leave  She finally came out, and I got the lowdown.  - A lot of apologies were given, but no real action to correct the situation (Which I take as, no one cares enough to follow up) - Of the three wait staff (2 F, 1 M) who came to our table, not once did the male member mention he was the manager - Lots of finger pointing going around: waitress(es) believed since the manager came over, he would take care of us; manager believed waitress(es) was still serving us.
4, Ok...so don't go to the Filaberto's down the street on 32nd St. and Indian School drive the extra  mile and go here...This place is so so so much better.  Things that are must haves...any carne asada burrito...so good and they are huge...get the #15 on the menu it is so worth it, you get 2 carne asada burritos with beans and rice and a drink for like $10.  Important:::: And ask for the guacamole salsa, I believe it is exclusive to this location and might be the best thing ever invented. I always get extra to put in my eggs the next morning for breakfast. So good. ::::  The shrimp taco's here are bomb.com I mean...they are so frickin good, I could eat them everyday..  And lastly the piece of resistance is the carne asada super nachos...I don't care where you go this place has the best nachos in Phoenix. They give you a Styrofoam container heaped and I mean heaped with refried beans, rice, guac, sour-cream, carne asada and chips this thing is so big it could seriously choke a pig...this thing probably weighs in close to 5 pounds...this is not an exaggeration...I seriously need to weigh one of these one day.   This place is open 24 hours and I must say is my guilty pleasure, if your on a diet don't go here, but if its a cheat day and you are looking to indulge...dive in.   I love this place...
1, DO NOT RENT AN APARTMENT HERE.  Law students who really want litigation experience may want to consider it because this place screams "sue me" on a regular basis.  1. LIES, DAMN LIES - The employees will lie to you, without a doubt.  I have lost count of the number of times I have been lied to while living here.  We were lied to about the ability to get satellite TV installed, about the state of our apartment on moving in, about regularity of the bus (forget it when school is not in session), the safety of the place, and about so much more.  2. FEES WITHOUT SERVICES - The Village has no qualms about charging a fee for a service they do not provide.  We sublet initially and were told we would have to pay a redecoration fee and would have to leave at least two days between the prior tenant's move-out and our move-in so they could "redecorate". When we arrived, of course, the place had not been cleaned let alone redecorated.  When we asked about this, we were told that they never redecorate in sublet situations.  You should not be surprised to hear that the sublessor was not refunded her redecoration fee and neither were we.  In addition, a number of friends were assessed charges for things they had not done, including fines for leaving trash out.  Very questionable behavior.  3. CRIME - Numerous cars had their back windows shot-out while I have been living here, at least three by my count.  The Village refused to do anything in response.   4. THERE ARE NO SOCCER FIELDS OR BASKETBALL COURTS BEHIND THE VILLAGE - When we signed up, we were shown a nice diagram of Colbert park with all of its facilities, including a soccer field, a basketball court, and an amphitheater.  These things do not exist.  There is some grass and a hill, but it takes some imagination to conjure up what the Village subtly advertises.   If you're the kind of person who is willing to forgive all manner of misbehavior in exchange for a pool and pizza party every once in a while then by all means move in here.  As a final note, both the Village drivers and maintenance staff are perfectly friendly and seem competent enough.  This review is limited to a critique of the management and office staff who ought to be ashamed of their behavior.
3, I spend a lot of time at hobby lobby and I recently moved so I've had to start shopping at this location. I'd love to say that it's great but it would be far from the truth. For starters it is far smaller and they have half of there home decor items hanging on the wall half way around the store above all of the shelves so if you want anything you have to walk around basically starring at the ceiling just to look. If you actually find anything you want before you give up looking because your neck starts to hurt then you have to find an employee who knows how to get it down( I say this because it took 4 employees to figure out what they needed to do to get one picture down for me). While I understand that lack of room is not necessarily there fault but it is still frustrating and inconvenient. My second issue is with a specific cashier shanna. I come here multiple times a week as I have a small business on the side so I shop for specific items when they are 50% off so most of the things I get each trip are all on sale. The last 3 times I've checked out with shanna and every single time I'm not sure what she does( or doesn't do) but she might apply the discount to some things or other things that aren't even on sale, so my total is never correct. 2 of the 3 times she rang  everything up then said your total is x amount... I think...? With a puzzled look on her face.  Both times in which I've had to have someone else come over and solve the problem and get the total corrected. First time benefit of the doubt people make mistakes. Second time very irritating but ok maybe you're still learning. THIRD TIME  are you FREAKING kidding me?!?! Maybe it's time to just start shopping online only and kiss the convenience  of hobby  lobby good bye.
3, Average 3 star review because... 1/5 for the staff/office 4/5 for Dr. Rebecca Tyre....I figure doc should carry more weight than staff...  Why 1/5 for the staff/office? 1. Staff is very unfriendly. REALLY unfriendly. I read some poor reviews before going in and I thought, well, I'll kill them with kindness. Entirely unsuccessful. Front desk staff pretty much avoided any sort of eye contact, and will flat out refuse to talk to you until they call you up...in fact, I had to go up three times over 1.5 hrs to find out they were having issues with my insurance.   2. The wait is INSANE. I had a 9AM appointment. How does a 9AM appointment run over 1.5 hrs late?  3. Seriously, are they not allowed to smile?  There is minimal explanation of what happens. They also get very annoyed with you when you are unable to read their mind and herd  yourself to the correct cubicle to find the correct PA/nurse.  4/5 for Dr. Tyre. The interaction with Dr. Tyre was surprisingly pleasant. She was friendly and comforting, which I feel is an important characteristic in an OB/GYN. The only reason I am taking 1 star off is because I was recommended a redo of a certain test in 6 mo to confirm something...which seemed completely reasonable...until my friends that are practicing OB/GYNs elsewhere told me that's really not the standard of care. I understand and definitely appreciate the sentiment to rule out certain things...but I'm also a firm believer in following standard of care and avoiding excessive testing.    Overall, because the office was so terribly unpleasant, I doubt I will be returning.
2, I have given this place a try quite a few times during the past few years. I was just here as last resort because the other places in the area were closed on Sundays. It's not that I expect friendly service from the person working at the counter but when your place is named "Aloha" Kitchen, you'd think someone can crack a smile and say hi when they take your order.  It's just not one time, it's consistently like this, no greeting at all!     The food is alright, I do give credit that they plate the food attractively, but they rely too much on drowning their meats in sauce for flavor instead of seasoning and marinating it.  The slices of beef that did have no sauce were a little dry & tasteless.  The manapua I ordered was a store bought brand and the dough was a bit tough. (like they left it cooking in the microwave a little too long) . That's probably why you get your food real quick!! It's already been prepared all they do is reheat it!  There are at least 3 other places that serve up better Hawaiian & Filipino food in the area so aloha, Aloha Kitchen.
4, I love Pei Wei!!! The only reason I didnt give it 5 stars is that I think I love China Way (see my other review) more and its more authentic I believe. Everytime I have been to Pei wei though, I have not be disapointed. I have several favs. The honey seared chicken is amazing, as are the Pei Wei spicy beef, lettuce wraps, and Dan Dan noodles. The orange beef , pad thai, and chicken lo mein are pretty good as well but I rarely order them because I love the other dishes more. I love that you can order noodles with your entrees in place of the rice but having the option of brown rice is nice as well when I am trying to watch what I eat. Another tip if you are watching calories: you can get any main dish with the chicken steamed instead of battered and fried. Pei Wei also makes the most amazing crab wontons with the best sauce evar!!! One of my biggest pet peeves when it comes to crab wontons is when there is no crab. Hello, crab is in the name so it should be present in the dish! At Pei Wei, you can actually taste and see the crab in their wontons. Mix that with the sweet chili sauce they serve the wontons on and these are great! Don't get me wrong though, I've tried some of their other dishes that I was not a big fan of. Their thai coconut chicken was a little bland, the sweet and sour chicken is not what I look for in sweet and sour chicken (the sauce wasnt very strong), and the mongollian chicken had a strange flavor that I didnt care for. But to each his own, people have different taste. Anyways, Pei Wei is one of my favorite places to go and the prices are relatively cheap. I agree with one reviewer in why would you go to PF Changs when Pei Wei has the same food pretty much at a fraction of the price not to mention the portions are bigger.
1, Well...it's not that often that a place that serves AYCE grilled meat can disappoint me but I guess there's a first for everything.   Where should I begin? We came in around 4PM to a restaurant that was not even half full and waited for a table for 15 minutes. When we got to our table we were left alone again for 10 minutes. We were pretty hungry at this point so we order a bit of food. The waitress gave us a stern look and told us it was too much in a more than your mother's naggy tone kind of voice. I assured her we can handle it. Classic rule of dining is that the customer is always right, even if they are wrong. I shrugged it off.   This hasn't been out first time to a Korean AYCE style restaurant but after our interaction earlier, I guess our server took it upon herself to make up our minds on how we want to eat. We tried to keep it pleasant and light hearted but she kept on getting pushier and pushier as the afternoon went on. At the end of dinner we had paid and left her a decent tip (18%) underneath one of the cups. We made sure it was visible so it doesn't get accidentally get swept away during the table being turned over. We were in our car and about to go when the waitress ran out to our passenger door and knocked angrily on my car door. I lowered the window and asked her what was wrong. Our astute waitress, still huffing and puffing angrily, said we didn't even tip her. I calmly said we did and where it was. She then replied with an "Oh..." and then quickly ran back inside. We waited there 5 mins to see if she would come out and apologize as I thought we were entitled one for the way she was acting and for leaving prints on my car window.   We will never return here. Never have I been so turned off at dinner by bad service. Had I known that that was the kind of service I would be getting I would have spent my money at an In and Out and got my money's worth and a smile to go with my chocolate shake.
2, Love it for the escape room but service and manners are just not up to par at all ! Yes it's a casual area to hang out but aren't we running a business here ? Couldn't even get a proper receipt for 125 dollar bill ! Manager was rude and impolite , other employees are all over the place completely unorganized . We waited 30min just to have someone get us into the escape room when they told us it's empty and ready ! I don't get that logic , don't tell us we can go in anytime and make us wait ! In another side note we brought out a little snack from "outside" after ordering drinks here and not knowing we were told to get out if we continued eating outside food ; we just ordered lattes and coffee and you tell us to get out for bringing in outside food ?? Is someone having a bad day ? We just spent over 150 dollars and you tell confused customers that we need to get out for brining I'm a little snack. Yes I understand there are policies in place but THERE IS A WAY TO IMPLEMENT POLICIES IN PROFESSIONAL MANNER . (P.s coffees are overpriced and tasteless , lattes are good ) Wish there some form of professional business training here , cool place otherwise .
5, Anthony's...just as good as its former Terzetto's.  Same great steaks and seafood (according to Hubby) and same great service.  We only had one iffy time while it has been Anthony's and our server corrected the problem immediately and professionally.  To preface this, we NEVER send back food but our steaks were clearly overdone; my filet was ordered medium but came out well done while Hubby's bone-in ribeye was ordered medium rare but, came out medium-medium well.  Again, I can't stress how well our server handled the situation.  When we go out for steaks, we're pretty much creatures of habit, filet mignon, ribeye, or bone-in ribeye.  Steaks at Anthony's are top-notch and can rival any steakhouse on the Strip.  Steaks do come with complimentary sauces such as bearnaise, bordelaise, and peppercorn--try the bordelaise!!!!  Another thoughtful note Anthony's provides for their steak diners are the complimentary roasted tomato topped with parmesan and a petite mixed greens salad with a very light lemon viniagrette.  For those of you who like french onion soup, please note they must've changed their recipe when they transitioned from Terzetto's to Anthony's.  The french onion soup tastes like it has tomato sauce/paste in it now; it used to be a robust beef stock flavor.  Sides are very good here.  I highly recommend their creamed corn.  Tater tots should be ordered only if you are having a very light dinner, as they're very dense and heavy.  Again, service is A to A+ and can also rival some of the most elite steakhouses on the Strip.  The contemporary decor in Anthony's hasn't changed much since it was Terzetto's.  It's still a very large restaurant with tons of seating options.  It has the oyster bar adjacent to it and a regular drinking bar off to the side.  Great place for dinner!
1, Worst airline ever! Very sad they are merging with US Airways, hence they both are terrible. I wish AA would just go out of business. Not only is their staff rude and not helpful at all they are just terrible. It is worth spending an extra $100 or even more to fly with someone else. Their plane broke down and when I get back to ask for refund they want to give me a voucher to use their crap airline again. Not only did they tell me that I would get reimbursed for renting car to drive since they did not have another plane to fly us for 2 days but that they would reimbursed us for the trip. Once I got back to request for these they do not want to refund me at all but give me a trip voucher. We lost so much time and money since it took us 8 hours to drive and spend money to rent a car and fill up with gas. Such shit airline and customer service no wonder they are going down and have to merge with US Airways. They could care less what your situation is even if their airplane had mechanical issues and had no other planes for 2 days and too cheap to reimburse you for the trip since it made everything difficult. NEVER AGAIN AA. Oh and we had to transfer flights coming home and we were late and almost missed our transfer flight. The stewardess could care less to let us off the plane first to run to make our transfer flight. Since they all had boarded already they gave us crap for coming late when it was not even our fault. Think twice before ever booking with this airline. HATE AA and their staff!
3, The only reason I'm giving 3 stars as opposed to 1 is because the food actually is very good and fresh. I've been here several times for breakfast and lunch with my boyfriend. We both really like the food when it's available almost every time I've been here they have been completely out of bagels( you call yourself a bagel shop).  I usually get the Tijuana Hot bagel sandwich on a jalapeño bagel which is really good. They make the food fresh right in front of you (except the bagels) I've had a few of their wraps too which were also good. So the food is great I think, I mean I've never had an issue with that, it is pricey for what you get a bagel sandwich ONLY will cost $7 no drink or side. If you get a meal you're looking at $13 and the portions are small, filling to a 5'1 105lb girl, my boyfriend usually has to get more food to feel full. BUT the environment is pretty gross, the tables are often dirty and sticky the place seems really unkempt, like they aren't really concerned about the appearance of the place at all floors are dirty and overall it just looks...well not super sanitary. Another thing is the service they are nice but not attentive, they get you your food and then they disappear.   To sum it up, the food is good but you don't get enough of it for what you pay. The environment is filthy and the service is fair.
5, "Holy cow, this man just gave me 'f**k me hair'!" that's what I thought when Eric spun me around to the mirror today after styling my hair. You know how you start writing the yelp review as soon as you enter the place? When I saw myself all thoughts left me except 'christ I look good.'   It would be dismissive to give GwE 5 stars based only on their premise of Organic hair care and styling, but I might have done it anyway because I really truly believe that everyone needs to read the ingredient labels of all the products they use (hair, face, body) and really think about what dubious chemistry is seeping into their bodies every day. I will be a Green with Envy girl for the rest of my stay here in the Valley, not only because their business philosophy is ethical and whole-hearted but because they have excellent stylists.   Today I saw Eric Flotta who was nice enough to take me as soon as he came in, even though I was half an hour early. And he didn't scream in horror at my post-workout hair, just led me over to the sink to start my wash/style/blowdry.  He told me about some of the organic products that the salon uses and carries for retail purchase and even mentioned that GwE uses the first and only hair color that doesn't include toxic chemicals.   Eric didn't do any wild and crazy hair makeover on me, but my hair does look very sexy and different. I like that he could take my frightening mess and turn it into something simple and beautiful in not a lot of time and with minimal product in it.  He recommended a product to me and though I am a staunchly opposed to buying salon hair care I did because it's organic and makes me look nice!   Also, they have a $35 women's haircut special which proves that earth-friendly organics can be luxurious AND affordable.  Now I want them to get some formaldehyde-free nail polishes and start up some manicures and pedicures!
4, Midoco saves the day! Since starting school, I've been getting a lot of use out of my beloved Pentel Twist-Erase mechanical pencil. Because I am also a numbskull when it comes to math, I'm constantly erasing. When I went through the last eraser refill for my pencil, I panicked. Where could I find replacements?   I went to four different office supply stores with no luck. I was just about to give up when Yelp led me to Midoco. They had plenty of the refill erasers, along with a smorgasbord of new writing utensil choices. Sadly, they don't have much by way of other Pentel pencils (boo), but they do have the Staedtler Fineliners that I love so much, in every color. They have other stuff, of course -- since Halloween is coming up, they have a bunch of wigs, makeup, and other goofy stuff. Also: Moleskines. Oh, yeah, and the have art supplies.: pastels, sketchbooks, paint brushes. It's not the largest selection, but... it's not bad.   That said, Midoco is great to satisfy your pen/pencil lust -- a definite must-visit for stationery freaks.
3, There is Ladlow's and then there is the Ladlow's Furniture Outlet a block or so down the road on Scottsdale Road.  We went into the furniture outlet, thinking that we would see some of the same quality pieces that you find in the Ladlow's showroom, just at discounted prices for whatever the reason--a discontinued item, something someone returned, some kind of blemish, etc.  That was not the case.  Most of what you'll find in the outlet is stuff that you can find just about anywhere else, and even at discount furniture stores.  Bottom line, you have to do a lot of searching to find any great deals.  Just be wary of the quality of the items in the outlet store.  In fact, I recommend googling the reviews of the furniture manufacturers while in the store and certainly before purchasing.    We were able to find a table that we liked and the discount was good, so we bought it.  It was delivered when scheduled.  The saleswoman was only slightly pushy but friendly.  She did try to tell us that certain leather furniture was high quality when, when researched, was really just mass-produced crap from China with many online reviews that complained about the quality and workmanship--or lack, thereof.  Buyer beware here.  You may be able to find a good deal or two, but it will take some effort.
4, We walked in and the place was really warm, I'm not sure if their AC went out but man was it uncomfortable in there, shout out to the kids working behind the counter because I hardly wanted to wait in line in that heat let alone move around.  The service was pretty slow, partially due to the people in front of us not knowing what they wanted, they were out of a lot of items on the menu and also it's brand new and there's bound to be growing pains.  I was really surprised there was no one on duty that seemed to be in charge, there was no one there to help the employees along or try and get the line moving faster.  We got our bowls to go and the food was great, it really made up for the fact that the service was slow and it being hot af.  I would recommend putting more sauce on top of the lettuce just because it was really dry, I ended up just removing the lettuce altogether, my boyfriend wasn't a fan of the kale, I didn't think he would be...I'm not even sure why he got that on his bowl to begin with lol.  All in all we would eat here again.  There's A LOT of poke spots opening up so I hope they get it together quickly.
1, Only one star necause i had to, otherwise a ZERO star day.   So after 12 years of loyalty it's time to move on.  Bought a Groupon and went on line to make an appointment when I forgot some information I decided to call. Tyler told me that the website is wrong and that they don't use it. I told him it said that to call if within a two hour period, he said he doesn't care what it says and they only take appointments until 3 and to call back after 3 to see if he could get me in.  I did and he said they were to busy to take any other cars.  Today, Thursday, I took off early to drive in to get into the midas, he sad it would be until 5 told him I would wait (2 hours).  I showed him the Groupon and he said they don't take them for synthetic oils, they only for conventional oils. I showed him the fine print.  I don't care what it says we don't take it, I can only give $15 credit. Told him unacceptable and walked out furiously.  Went home and called another midas and he said that he could do until he found out it was for the midas that wouldn't take the groupon. Told him what had happened.   He said they had to take it, he took my name and number.  Nick from midas tempe autoplex called back and said that they would take my car right away at this Midas and give me the up charge while using my groupon.  Oh by the way groupon was called as well and made aware of the problem as well.
3, We went on a very busy Saturday night and waited 20 minutes for a seat. We ordered an appetizer, and 3 entrees spicy "Hot". Each is reviewed below:  Sampler $14.00  Thai roll (2), Golden curry puff (2), Satay (2), & Kew Krob (6), served with plum sauce, peanut sauce & cucumber salad.  Everything was deep fried besides kabob/chicken. The chicken was cold and tasted like it had Feta cheese on it :(  Drunken Noodles* with Beef Sautéed flat noodles with Napa cabbage, tomatoes, bell peppers, onions, egg, Thai basil & chili pepper.  This was our favorite dish. Spicy and flavorful.  Gaeng Kua Sapparod**with Shrimp "Red curry sauce, coconut milk, pineapple & kaffir lime leaves.  This did not taste right- like the kitchen ran out of sauce and they just added coconut milk to make it go further. The flavor was totally off. It was also not spicy at all.  Pad Thai with Chicken Sautéed rice noodles with egg, sweet pickled radish, scallion, bean sprouts & ground peanuts.  The dish had no flavor. We had to ask for a lime to ad (usually comes with lime at other Thai restaurants) Very disappointed. Also NOT spicy like we ordered.  The service was slow and disappointing. The place was packed when we got there and I mean so packed it was hard to get to our table and hard for our severs to get around. We wanted to order dessert but nobody asked and we waited FOREVER to get our check.  I would return only after checking out the other Thai restaurants in the area first for comparison.
5, Perfection. Seriously. I felt like a princess walking into this beautifully modern but inviting nail salon with glittery silver floors. And I felt like a million bucks when I left!   I've never seen a nail salon with such welcoming decor. It's usually the same office-like chairs and oversized, slightly uncomfortable massage chairs. The furniture here is contemporary but so comfortable and welcoming. I wanted to sink into those pedicure chairs but only had a manicure on my first visit. The salon is SPOTLESS. I was told that the pedicure tubs have their own disposable liners, which makes me feel so comfortable with how hygienic and clean this place is.   Jenny did my manicure and she was fabulous. Very personable and so meticulous! I chose a pink glitter polish but expressed concerned that it wouldn't be dark enough with two coats. She initially tried and realized it wouldn't be, so she removed the polish and started over with a darker color for the first coat. I so appreciated how hard she worked to make my manicure perfect!    My only complaints are that they are closed Mondays and Tuesdays (I've been meaning to come here for quite some time but, ironically, the only times I found myself available for pampering were on Mondays so I missed out for quite a few months... finally, when I was off on a Wednesday, I was able to make an appointment). I'd also like a separate drying area for my nails. I'm obsessive about making sure my nails are completely dry prior to leaving and I would literally sit for 40 minutes under the dryer if it meant they would be hardened and dry and I wouldn't ruin my lustrous new manicure! LOL.   I can't wait to go back and get a pedicure next time! If you go and you're a first timer, mention it for a one-time 20% off discount. I so wish I had saved my first time for when I was doing more services.
2, I was really looking forward to this meal. I'll keep it short. Me and my wife got the Sixteen Course Degustation Menu $395/Person.  Some of the dishes had olive oil drizzled on top which was not pleasant because we started out with La Cerise and La Coriandre which both tasted like olive oil. Don't get me wrong their olive oil was really good. I'm not there to taste whats behind the olive oil flavor.   The scallop dish I had way better else where. It wasn't seared right, a very light sear.   I didn't get this dish Le Caviar. Just so simple. Besides the green asparagus was the best steam asparagus I had. But it's just asparagus with caviar on top.   Well this was the best dish of the night Les Crustacés. Reallly gooood.   The bread and butter was really good.  Everything else was just so so.  Presentation was really nice and pretty but in the end food must taste just as good. Which was not.  I thought this would be the best meal of my life. I was wrong. I had better at no star restaurant.
1, Do not go here!  I support Jiffy Lube like you would not believe but I STRONGLY URGE YOU TO NOT GO HERE (NOT THIS JIFFY LUBE)!!!  They purposely damaged my tire to spite me!!!  Yesterday morning, when I got an oil change, I was encouraged to upgrade to a higher quality oil - I declined.  When I was encouraged to change my air filer - I declined.  When I was encouraged to change my cabin air filer - I also declined.  It came to a point of forced upgrades where I literally said, "I just want an oil change and I have to go."  This morning I noticed my front tire was WAY low of air (they checked it yesterday).  I filled it asap but noticed air seeping uncontrollably through the valve.  I took to to a Goodyear (on Indian School) and they said, "The only way this can happen is if someone loosens it.  There is no way it can come unloose by itself. The pressure is too high."  They even asked if I, "...had any enemies."  When I told them, "No, but I did get an oil change yesterday at the Jiffy Lube on 32nd they replied, "This isn't the first time dude.  About once every few months someone comes in with this issue from that Jiffy Lube."  Enough said.  I know corporate people at Shell Oil and jiffy Lube.  They are great people and they have supported my business.  I will always support Jiffy Lube but never (again) this franchise or their staff.  They put my family's safety at risk for juvenile redemption because I would not buy an extra air filter.    Do not go here - ever!  P.S. When I went I went down and confronted the staff - predictable results.  Ignorance = minimum wage with poor management.
1, The first two words in their Yelp description is "fresh food", but my order was anything but. My order is simple - a strawberry banana French toast delivery. Cut up, juicy fruits on top of a lightly fried bread - simple right?  What blows my mind is how they used canned??? strawberries. I'm not from Vegas, but I'm hoping fresh fruit isn't that hard to find where restaurants forgo it. They have a preservative taste that once biting into, makes you think that these strawberry slices have been sitting in a plastic container somewhere for a couple of weeks.   Then... the BANANAS. The bananas are blackish and gummy. Blackish and GUMMY!!! Who uses those words to describe bananas??? These bananas literally look like they mummified before being delivered to me....  And the piece de l'resistance is the French toast. Oh boy. You know the texture of stale bread is like? It rips a certain way, it's fluffy, flavorless, and dry all at the same time? That's this French toast.   Unfortunately, this entire order reminded me of those questionably "healthy" cafeteria breakfasts from high school, slapped together by pissy lunch ladies, but worse. A lot worse.
5, Murdock Meals has been cooking for myself and my family for over 5 years.  When I was on the HCG diet, the food was amazing and all meals were made to follow the strict rules of the diet. I never knew 500 calories a day could taste so good.     My boyfriend has diabetes and needed a low carb low sugar menu.  She accommodated his needs and helped get his diabetes under control.  Then he had his jaw wired shut after a medical problem, and she made all the diabetic meals into liquid that could be eaten through a straw.    I joined a gym called Raw fitness that gave you a meal plan consisting of healthy proteins and lots of vegetables.  I am a terrible cook and I did not want to fail on this fitness program.  Again, Murdock Meals came to the rescue and cooked for me per the instructions.    Finally, my boyfriend is currently in the hospital and cannot stomach the hospital's food.  I called Murdock Meals and he is now getting the nutrition he needs to get better.  To conclude, whatever your diet requirements might be, Murdock Meals can accommodate.  The food is cooked to order fresh, delicious, and affordable.  Even if you can cook (unlike me) and do not have enough hours in your day, I highly recommend Murdock Meals.
4, Finally got to check out the new uptown Guu, and happy to say it was a success!  More than a year after my last visit to their Church St. location, I was happy to thee that the North York menu was the same! We got to try all of our old favourites, and all were fresh, delicious, and plated wonderfully :)  My favourites: Kinoko (cheese and mushroom) bibimbap, Gindara (black miso cod), Ebimayo(fried shrimp doused in spicy mayo...drool), Takoyaki (octopus balls) & Okonomiyaki (japenese pancake).  The only item that fell a bit short was the seared tuna....the fish was a bit too cooked and the toppings a bit band.. but still edible.   3 happy full people, 8 dishes, 3 drinks (lychee mojito! yum!) and 1 dessert later (delicious green tea cheesecake) the total per person came to $43 including taxes and tips.  Set-up is nice, and staff is super friendly, and just as loud and vibrant as the Church location.  Will be back!  Perk: We live close by so we called for them to hold a table for us - they texted us when it was ready with 15 to claim the table which was great since we are only a ten minute walk away. Nice to not have to wait outside for an hour!
3, When I heard the name "Hussong's" I thought it was some type of Chinese restaurant. But paired up with the name "Cantina" threw me off as it's actually an Americanized-Mexican resto within the Mandalay Bay Shoppes.   PERKS + great service (attentive staff dressed in sports jerseys) + gigantic drinks - they have specialties such as the "Bull Dog" (margarita + beer), but I opted for a sangria + FISH TACOS ($14) two mahi mahi fish tacos were fried placed upon two corn tortillas with shredded lettuce, guacamole and pico de gallo. Very fresh and decent dish. (Note: apparently the most popular item on their menu) + CHIPS & SALSA & GUACAMOLE - salsas were fresh! Chips were crisp and the guac was devoured by everyone!  DIRTS - prices: although the fish tacos were a decent meal, I thought the dish was WAY over-priced for Americanized-Mexican food (but alas, it's Vegas so they'll charge a bit more) - noisy: my co-workers and I had a little get together here, although it was nice they were able to reserve a section for us. The whole resto is a bit noisy with the sports games going on and the chatter from all the customers - not authentic - mediocre drunk grub  FYI *located in mini-strip mall walk-way in between Mandalay Bay & Luxor *you can keep the gigantic glass of margarita once you've drank it all *laundry list of margaritas are available  *drinks range from $8-14 *many flat screen televisions to watch the latest sports game  *Rick Moonen's "RM" restaurant is just around the corner for sustainable seafood  I came here with my co-workers for a little get together after a meeting. I'm not sure if I'd eat at this establishment again. But for great service, good drinks and mediocre food, it's okay, but probably not my first choice.
3, This is only my second time going to Canyon Creek - I'm very much a KEG Steakhouse girl and while I still love The Keg I must say Canyon Creek is a great #2. Our bill came to just under $100 - thanks in part to a $10 discount I received after joining the Canyon Club. My date and I had the Baja Fish Tacos to start - which were just okay. We could've done without them. Let me tell you, I need to find a recipe or recipe dupe for the honey butter they serve with their bread - it is to DIE for. I wanted to try their pasta but opted for a steak since most reviews said they have the best steaks in the province. We ordered the Chipotle Sirloin and it was really good ... a TAD bit too much oil on my plate but it was very tasty and cooked to perfection. I'm taking a star off for the rock hard veggies - they were barely steamed and quite raw - which isn't a major issue - if I ASKED for raw veggies. We ordered a pitcher of their sangria and it was really good - you could actually taste the alcohol which for me is a plus because there is nothing I hate more than a watered down alcoholic beverage. For dessert we shared their chocolate brownie and it was really good except when they brought it, the ice cream was almost all gone and melted all over the plate. Unfortunately with the extra oil and melted ice cream on my plate, I gotta take off another star for presentation - while the taste was there, the dishes didn't LOOK appetizing. Our server was really good and knew the menu well - when we asked for his opinion and input he had an answer at the ready. Toward the end of the night (when it was less busy) he kind of disappeared and we had to look for him to bring our bill but other than that he was really good.
4, Bouchon is one of those restaurants that perplexes me. The service is impeccable, the oysters are fresh, and the food is really good. However, I cannot give it that 5th star because nothing about the restaurant's food stands out per se (no pun intended Mr. Keller).  I've been to Bouchon twice and both times I sat at the bar. I also happened to get the same bartender and this guy is so on top of his game that you would think he has been doing this his whole life. He is a courteous chap with a pleasant demeanor and offers good recommendations all around.  The first time I went, I had the french onion soup, the moules frites, and the pot de creme. Each dish was delicious and the french onion soup was especially good. The second time, I had a half dozen oysters (really, really good), duck confit, and pork belly.   The confit was a bit disappointing though it was cooked as well as any confit I have ever seen yet it was still a tad dry on the inside and a bit flavorless. I wasn't a big fan of the pool of nectarine juice it was swimming in either and that did not make up for the dryness.  I highly recommend the Moules Frites. It is simply a bowl of mussels with a very flavorful white-wine/saffron sauce and a batch of really good french fries.  The lemon tart was not so great. It was too tart and the texture wasn't anything special. This is something that I know folks can make better at home.  Overall the experience was great. I love Thomas Keller and his creations. I love the service and atmosphere of the restaurant itself. It isn't overly crowded and sitting at the bar is always fun when you have a good bartender. However, I cannot offer that fifth star to Bouchon because I'm sure it's food can be so much more (and this is a restaurant review no?). Maybe next time...
3, With my camping gear packed, water bottle filled I made the trek to the West side of town to The Village.  Courtesy of a good friend of mine, this joint came highly recommended.  It's hard to miss the restaurant from the street with the beautiful purple trees outside (also found inside).  We barged right in, shoved two long tables together and waited for all (8) family members to arrive.  The dining space is huge! It almost seemed like after all the dining patrons have gone home the staff could easy shove all the tables aside and turn it in to one huge after hours dance party. A better analogy would be to describe the inside of The Village as a cafeteria, is that better?  On to the menu. A one-sided card with menu items listed there didn't appear to be anything over $10.00 on the entire menu; now you're speaking my language!  The hummus was eh, the pita bread was decent, and chicken kabob was ok.  Each entree comes equipped with it's own little mini "salad" -- I have placed salad in parenthesis because it was literally 4 pieces of lettuce, 2 cucumbers, and 2 slices of tomato; obviously not the highlight of the meal.  The chicken kabobs were decent, healthy portion of rice served with this dish (never a bad thing in my book), but you have to order the yogurt sauce as a separate side; I didn't therefore my chicken lacked a tad in flavor.  All in all there's not much to report regarding the service since it's pretty much a "fast food" type Mediterranean eatery where you seat yourself, order, pick up your food and grab your own drinks from the drink station.    It's a cute concept but for me, not being in my neck of the woods and all I doubt I will find myself driving 25 minutes specifically to eat at The Village.  Price is fantastic, food quality decent, and nice purple trees?
4, I went here last night with some friends and I have to say, I am impressed!! It is refreshing to find a lounge like this in the Phoenix area that is not full of plastic. This reminded me of a bar you would go to in NYC; the stairway leads up to a narrow, dark, and modern room with an eclectic bunch of people filling a space that is standing room only. Oh yeah, and the bartenders know their stuff.   This place also has a great drink selection. I am not a beer connoisseur, but I am always a fan of trying something I have never had before. So when I saw Unibroue La FIn Du Monde on the menu, I had to order it. Really, I just wanted to order a "Uni-brow" and I got a good laugh from the bartenders. It was however a great beer :) Aside from my new sampling, they also had a great selection of Weissbier, of which I am a huge fan. I was driving so I did not get the opportunity to try the mixed drinks, but they looked phenomenal!   The atmosphere was outstanding in general with a fun vibe and good music. The crowd was entertaining to watch and a great mix of people. You could come dressed up or down to this joint and you would be just fine.   I am definitely coming back to this spot in the future :)
5, Considering I just wrote a review about the horrible part of my Las Vegas trip, I might as well pay a compliment!  I stayed at GVR on NYE for the first time, and it was absolutely gorgeous.  Our flight arrived way before our check-in time, but we were still able to check into a room - which was great.  The customer service is amazing, both in the hotel, casino, and the sushi restaurant I ate in that night.  The room was clean, a decent size (standard room)... and had everything we needed in it.  It was nice to stay in a good resort, and not be on the strip!  Everything was clean, exceeded my standards, and was the ONLY positive thing about my trip to Vegas!  The pool area outside is absolutely amazing, I wish it had been warmer outside!  I most certainly plan on coming back to this resort.  The ONLY word of caution I have (which isn't a big thing at all)... is pay attention to their shuttle times.  Coming from the airport, I believe they only run once every 3 hours or so.  I had to get a cab over to the resort, which isn't the end of the world - but if you can book your flight properly so you have time to catch the shuttle, why not!
3, this is probably the 2nd most visited restaurant i have been to in las vegas. 1st being oyster bar at palace station. i have introduced most of my friends to this restaurant and they have all loved it. however, having visited this restaurant 5 times, i have noticed that is has gone down in quality, taste, and execution.   my first and second visits was unbelievable. we ordered all his signature dishes: sweet potato hash, roasted shrimp tamale, queso fundido, tuna tartare, chilequiles, and those wonderful margaritas. every single one of those dishes were well thought out and quite tasty. i understood why bobby flay is who he is and why his food made him so famous.   then my last three visits. the hash was over doused in green chile holladaise, the mesa burger was overcooked (even medium would've been ok, but please don't give me medium well), and the lamb salad had no flavor. i was wondering to myself "what happened?"  i think that bobby flay has been to the restaurant less, so food quality control is probably not where it should be. hopefully, the restaurant sees that they're going down (they just lost their michelin star this year) and tries to pick it back up.    *** at least their corn muffins are still tasty ***
5, I learned of Dr. Bond from Dr. Grace Savage who referred me after seeing that all four of my wisdom teeth were impacted. Being in my early twenties, it was the perfect time to get my teeth extracted and I'm thrilled that I chose Dr. Bond to perform my procedure.  It was easy to get a consultation appointment and the front desk staff is always cheerful and helpful. The location was easy to find with ample parking. My consultation was great and the insurance coordinator worked with my father to ensure that my procedure would be correctly filed with a new insurance policy. Even during a typically busy week (college spring break) I was able to schedule my surgery quite easily within my stringent schedule.  I was given four prescriptions - nausea pill, two types of pain management (one for morning of surgery) and an antibiotic.   The morning of the surgery I was welcomed by Dr. Bond's warm candor and put under general anesthesia which made the procedure go by instantly. I woke up and had hardly any bleeding, no pain, and I wasn't drugged up " a la" the infamous youtube videos you see these days. The staff explained the next steps to my father and off I went to recover.   Recovery was simple and I had absolutely no side-effects. No nausea, no chipmunk cheeks, no swelling or bruising. It was honestly as close to a perfect recovery as possible and I attribute that to Dr. Bond's talent and finesse with his craft.   Post op appointment was again, easily scheduled, and I was in and out in less than 30 minutes. I am thrilled to have found the practice of Dr. Bond and if I ever need another procedure done in his specialty I know who I'll be using!
5, This was, by far a very enjoyable and top notch performance put on by a small acting troupe in a small theater in the back of an obscure "miracle mile" mall in Planet Hollywood. Everything about this show was what the old Vegas was all about ... comedy, elegance, fantastic dancing and terrific LIVE music. In fact, I can easily say that the band made all the difference in the world. They are surprisingly high above the stage in the back and become an integral part of the show. Lora Kelsey and Sophia Monica are extremely sexy, talented and make you "drool" zombie style for more. Patrick Leahy is also a riot in his performance and you can tell he's an audience favorite. I don't think Augustus Scott was Zenoch this night but it was alright because the stand-in was brilliant. There was more "gayness" references than I need to listen to but these are entertainers and this is Las Vegas. It is well worth and more the box office price to see this production.  I do NOT recommend getting the show/dinner package. The restaurant they pair you with called Pampas Brazilian Grille are a bunch of jerks. They have two lines they put you in... one for show vouchers and one for walk-in customers. They told us 25 minutes (two hours before the show) that they would seat us. They said they would page us. While I am sitting there they are seating each and every walk-in customer. They never paged us at all. I got qissed off and went next door to Todai and they were kind enough to give us $20 off each meal just because of my experience there.
4, The smell of sizzling barbecue still lingers in my ....clothes :) but that is part of the fun!  I came as part of the UYE hosted by Jen S. and dined with Steve W., Anthony M., Misti Y., Bobby Y. and my other half Eric R.  We shared two yagyu specials for the table (skirt steak, ribeye, and short rib) plus an order of tongue.  Eric R. also got shrimp and a salmon avocado roll, Steve got kimchi, and we all split a wakame soup from the suggestions of Misti and Bobby.  The soup was pretty amazing, so I would go back for that in a minute!  The broth was flavorful, and it had long strands of egg (my kind of egg drop yo!), wakame and green onions.  They gave us 5 small bowls and we were all able to share it (and one order is only $4.50).    Surprisingly, the ribeye was least fatty of the meats but my favorite nonetheless.  The only dipping sauce I really liked of the 4 was the sesame oil that was seasoned with some salt.  Eric R. and I also got our own bowls of rice which was a great addition to our meal.  The meats overall tasted great, and I especially liked the marbled tongue.  It was a real treat that I am glad we tried!  Jen S. and I also grilled up the kabocha garnishes from the meat plate and that was actually a really great idea!  I did not get a chance to try the kimchi but Steve and Anthony seemed to like it.  I had one shrimp (hard to mess that up!) and one taste of Eric's sushi - this isn't the place for sushi but it was perfectly fine.  When I return, it is wakame soup, tongue and ribeye for me plus the ice cold beer.  The guys ordered pork cheek with miso at the end but I do not partake in the pig :)  It was a fun interactive meal and I am glad I met Steve, another educator.  I also owe many thanks to the generous Jen S. for hosting and sharing his groupon.
4, Pretty much the only Indian resto in this neck of the off the beaten path NDG. The store front says " Yagel Bagel", but go right in , you're at the right place. The establishment is small, only a few tables, and I've only ever been here for lunch, and so far so good. Reasonably priced , well prepared Indian food, perhaps not gourmet, but good nonetheless. I never had to wait forever to get served and the food was always piping hot, and prepared as I prefered. (medium spiced) There are 2 menus, 1 a la carte and a special lunch menu, featuring the veggie or meat thali, or briyani, with daal soup & naan, extra. The soup could have used an extra flavouring  of something or other, the naan was good & served toasty warm, the  chicken thali better than at some other places I've tried. The only other dishes I've ever had were: chicken Kashmiri, chicken Korma and the ever popular butter chicken... all good.  Overall, I've always left the place feeling pretty good, satiated and happy to have been referred here by a colleague.
2, Wow.  I've got to update my review.  We went to Mimi's Cafe for breakfast for the first time in quite some time.  So many things have changed, and I'm not just talking about the revised, blander menu.    We went on Memorial Day, a Monday, at around 9:30 a.m.  It wasn't very busy yet, so we were seated right away (by our server, in fact; I guess there was no host on duty yet).  There were tables scattered here and there with people, but nothing significant.    Our server was great.  He was very friendly and attentive...at least until it was time for the check and he was overwhelmed with the now-crowd of diners.  It looks like the kitchen and management are where the problems lie.  For breakfast, it took wayyyyyy too long for us to get our food (between 30-45 minutes), especially when the restaurant was not yet crowded.  We never once saw a manager; nobody when we walked in or out or walking the dining room to apologize for/correct the food delays.  And, sadly, the food was just average.  Gone are the days when a Mimi's breakfast stood out from the crowd.  My ham and cheese omelet was nothing special and looked sloppily assembled.  We could/should have just gone to IHOP for better, quicker food.    On a related note, it seems the Mimi's Cafes I used to go to in Orlando have closed due to poor service and a decline in food quality.  It looks like Charlotte's is not far behind.  We won't be back.  p.s. The free wi-fi never worked for me either, which I wouldn't have noticed except we waited forever for our food.
1, We returned from a day out sight seeing and I decided to look for some inexpensive ($$ or $$$) french food.  I saw this one, with the 4.5 stars and that it was right across the street from our hotel (Marriott) and thought it was a good choice.   As others have stated, there is only one entree.  Your only choice is whether  you want soup or not and we ordered it.  We also ordered some house wine and were served bread and butter with it.  The bread was good and so was the wine - what I'd expect for the price.   The carrot soup was ok.  It was a bit bland but not bad;  That was the highlight of the meal!  The 'salad' was iceberg lettuce, walnuts (right out of the bag) and a bland vinaigrette dressing that was very acidic.  They could have at least toasted the walnuts if not glaze them and it wouldn't take much effort to improve the looks and flavor of the salad by adding a bit of arugula or other mix.    The main course, was of coarse, the steak and fries.  The steak was very low grade, tough and not a lot of flavor.  The sauce helped a bit.  The fries were fine for what they were.  The price is $26.95 per plate which is way too much for the quality of the food served.  Service was ok, not bad but nothing special either.  When we go out to eat, the biggest factor about whether we like it or not is the food.  The food here is way below average and the price is way too much for what it is.
5, What can I say, oh wait, I got it. I live in Washington state. I'll let that sink in. WASHINGTON STATE. A state renowned for its Apple's. And I have never had a better cider than at red clay.  This just after touring Asheville and South Carolina tasting the best local cider available. Let me provide some prospective, my wife and I love cider, we have tried all of the commercial ciders and reaserched and paired and WASHINGTON STATE! Anyhow, all of their ciders are what cider-lovers like us have been searching for. I CANNOT stress enough how good their cider is compared to any and all competitors. I CANNOT wait until they bottle so I can enjoy premium cider in Washington. In addition the staff are super friendly and willing to make any drink concoction of their available beverages that you can imagine. I suggest you try it, you will be amazed. All of this in a relaxed (dog friendly) atmosphere where I would have no problem watching a game or just hanging out. If you are reading this review, you must go and let your own tastebuds be the judge. I can write no more, I just wish I were going back . . .
5, I have been waiting for a pho place this good in my area for a long while and I couldn't be happier!  I ordered the pho normal on doordash and even though the delivery said it would take over an hour on a busy night, it got here in around half if not less that time.  Minus delivery costs, the pho itself cost $7.25!!! What!! So filling too.  Wow. Just wow. I am pretty picky with my pho and have high standards, but this was soooo good.  The 'pho normal' still has a spice to it, it has a nice peppery kick and the broth is truly on point. Clean, well done and flavorful broth. I got the well done beef even though I always order rate, as I worried it may not cook in the winter cold on the way here. It was still good but my assumption was very wrong and I would get the rare beef next time lol. I just found the well done beef to be too chewy but that's my general preference when it comes to pho. The meat itself was tasty.  It also came with bean sprouts, a lime, basil, and some hot sauces.  This is bound to be my regular pho spot. Soooo happy!
4, We had an enjoyable meal at Hank's.  The food was excellent and everything was prepared wonderfully.  From the Steakhouse Salad, Crab Cakes, T-Bone for 2 and sides...all delicious.  The drinks were equally awesome.  My rant, however, would be the service.  We came here a month ago and sat in the main dining room.  Again, food was awesome but service so-so.  They forgot my birthday dessert but we were full anyways so it wasn't a big deal, just disappointing.  This time, we sat in the bar area to hear the live music.  Atmosphere not as romantic as it was crowded and noisy...but it was to be expected.  No biggie.  Our waitress was nice and helpful when around, but most of the time...WHERE DID SHE GO?  She was too busy helping the party near us with cocktails.  We were the least of her worries, or at least it felt that way.  Everything was sloooow.  Spacing between appetizers, main course and dessert was T O O FAR A P A R T!    Other than that, we really did like the food and music.  Hopefully the third times a charm, should we frequent Hank's again!  :-)
2, If this past visit 1/29 was my first time - this might have gotten less stars. I hate hate hate giving bad reviews and I always try to seek out the things I like rather than the things I don't like - but I had a real "boner kill" experience this past time.   I have gone here a few times in the past and had no problems and felt like everything was so quality. Today my boyfriend and I go after a long day and I order my fave - barn burner (add avocado) with zucchini and an extra little cup of ranch. We get our food, no avocado or extra ranch. Oh well, not a big deal! I check my receipt to triple check I paid for it - there it is! 1 x avocado $0.99! I go up to the front thinking it would be no big deal. I tell the sweet waitress, Erica, that I didn't get any avocado and ask if I can have some in a condiment cup. She says yes, asks the guy that's closest to her in the kitchen. He accuses me of lying, berates Erica and tells her he knows he put it on my burger. This dude must have issues - why the heck is he making a scene, saying I'm lying and being rude to his coworker? I am so caught off guard by this. I look at Erica and tell her I'll show her my burger and my receipt. I do. She apologize and grabs me my dang avocado.   Bottom line: waitress was so nice, food is good, cook guy is weird and I don't want to go to this location again. Food is 5/5 quality but cook guy 0/5
1, Let me start on saying I didn't appreciate getting kicked out of this place because of how ur security or manager think I was too drunk to handle myself the way I looked that night. I flew all the way from Seattle to Vegas to celebrate my 40th bday. Thinking, this place will be a good place for me, my sisters, brother in laws n husband a place to enjoy n celebrate my bday. Well, let me tell u.. we were so disappointed n wrong. I couldn't believe how poor ur management n security handle situation when u had too much to drink. Yes, I admitted had drunk too much that I did actually vomited inside ladies restroom.   Not to the point, that I made a mess on the floor or did not make it to toilet. I managed to walked n did my business inside ladies room. I managed to clean n flush the toilet to make sure it was spottless.   As soon as I went back to r booth.. one of the security guard was talking to my brother in law n want us to leave because according to him.. I was too drunk to be there. At that time, I was just sitting n drinking my water observing n thinking.. what the hell is going on. We left r booth n waited for r parties on the waiting area to take care of r bill. Again, this security guard told us that we can't be there n have to leave the premises. That time, was already getting pissed off n heated up by the way they treated us. We got to this place @9pm n listened to the live band(sounded good by the way) enjoyed listening to them.  We took advantage of they'r 2hrs unlimited drink for price of$47 Ithink.  We ordered drinks n enjoyed drinking. That's the reason why we were there for, right. Well, if u guys r offering unlimited drinks in ur lounge expect that u will have drunk people. I had fly me to the moon, mai tai n rum n coke. Hmm, 3drinks within 2hrs was not WORTH IT!! that 3drinks for me was enough that I had too much already n had already gone to restrm. Well, after 2hrs they told us we can't stay in r booth  n we need to moved. But if we want to stay, we have to order drink to keep the booth.  Orderd a bottle of bombay n juice just to keep r booth. They suck u up to order so u can keep ur booth. Again, why did u guys kicked us out coz I had too much to drink n can't handle myself(according to them) but yet, u offered us to ord more drinks to keep r booth.  Not only we got kicked out @12:30 at night(still too early didn't even got a chance to dance on the dance floor).   I found out next day r bill was $800.00. What  the f***, how much again for party of 8. Come to find out they did 2 separate bill. First, 2hrs bill unlmted drinks so about $400 plus r food chips dips maybe $500 + gratuity of course there were 8 of us 15 or 20% of r total bill. Had another bill they chg after 2hrs+gratuity again of course. Oh, wait there is more another charge for the booth we reserved but did not tell us we have to move after 2hrstotally shocked at this lounge.. billed us twice gratuity that's 40% no wonder r billed was $800. We didn't even finished r drinks that was ordered after that 2hrs unlimited coz u kicked us out.   Now, u guys tell me if I was out of control that night.. as far as I know.. didn't say anything nor made a scene to get kicked out. The only time that I started dropping the f** word when I found out that we were getting kicked out coz of me. My only mistake was.. I had too much to drink n I threw up in the ladies room using the toilet bowl n did not made a mess. If I had too much too drink..then why the Hell do I remember all this.!! that's because,  I was not toxicated at all!! I think ur mgmt n security guard did so poorly judging me that I was belligerent n not able to contempt myself just because I threw up in the ladies rm.   Thx, blue martini for ruining my 40th bdy n made me think that ur night club will be an epic place to be. I was looking forward to celebrate n enjoyed myspecial day that night with my family but instead worst time of my life. A night that I will never forget..disappointed place to celebrate ur special day. Ur security guard looked at me like I was being belligerent n can't handle myself. Again, u can't judge a person just the way they look n act.   Understand, protocol n security of others is ur priority. But also need to realize ur lounge serving alcohol will not expect that customers will not get drunk. I felt humiliated getting escorted by ur security which until now.. still trying to find out WHAT I DID WRONG THAT NIGHT. Ur security need much training when to act or escort people out on how much they've drink. He judge me so poorly that I was not able to handle myself. I did not trash ur place, bother anyone nor I vomited in front of everyone.   Not my recommendation to celebrate special day coz they judge u on how u look if u had too much to drink. My 1st time getting kicked out on my 40th bdy n in Vegas.. Way to go Blue Martini... this should be negative zero star but not able to post my reviews if i don't click at least a star.
5, i usually go to their Yonge street location which is excellent, although i've never been offered the ribs at Yonge.   I went on new years eve for an early dinner with an old friend. It was busy but they still found a table for myself and a friend. We ordered the usual (6 of everything). I still wish there was more rice in an order, since everything you order is a stack of meat. they dont give you alot of starch or carbs to process the meat. however, the meat was great and i still love the concept of cookin my own food at my table (even if they are small slices of meat that even the most illiterate foodie could cook).   one thing i wish that ALL the korean grill houses had was BIGGER WATER GLASSES. Now that I'm thinking about it its actually very frustrating. If you're going to chop meat into small slices and cure them with salt to keep them fresh (anybody with half a brain knows that when u cut a piece of meat into thin slices like korean grill house does, it dries out quicker and adding salt to it makes it last longer so you can sell it to the masses before it expires) you can at least let us have large water glasses to stay hydrated instead of making the poor kids working the floor fill up our water glasses every 30 seconds. I actually felt bad about how many water refills i needed and judging from the variety of servers/bussers filling it, i doubt my 10$ tip would net any of them one dollar.    Other than that though, it was a good time as always.
5, I was invited by my wife's gfs to enjoy this place, i was told it would be a Brazilian restaurant. I thought it would be something traditional, to which I wasn't expecting much.  When we got to there, the environment got us on the first, cozy and great staff, all owners of this little boutique restaurant, they explain every detail you ask, it shows they care for their reputation and experience for the customer. You feel the Brazilian culture, but something more is there...  The food is a fusion of brazilian traditional food, some other latin favorites, all with a special touch. We tried the beef chick poutine, with fried casaba. After we went for the lomito sandwich, that was unexpected, and delicious, imagine pork, with guava bbq, avocado sauce, on a potato bread, and on the side plantain chips! You might think where are the traditional Brazilian choices? They have feijoada, cheese bread, pasteis and others, but we're glad we went on the other side of the menu.  Options of beer and wines, i went for the beers, which are no traditional brands, but good drafts.  The downside would will be a bit pricy for the portions, but add the flavour and ambient, and the place is totally worthy. Opinion of a Brazilian that enjoys food with unique taste!
3, This place is a far cry from most modern Spring Training stadiums in the Cactus League.   On the plus side, you are close to the action, and that's part of the allure of going to Spring Training games. You can get draft beer for either $4 or $8, peanuts for $4, and water for $4. (Though the latter two can be had outside the park for even less.)    Yes, there is parking onsite for some of the patrons, others must park in overflow lots blocks away and hoof it in. Though, that's probably a better alternative than the absolute clusterf*ck getting out after the game from the onsite lots.   Seating is about half stadium seats with backs and armrests; and about half the seats are cheap, metal-bench bleacher seats (and about as comfortable as sitting on a rock for three hours). Not to mention that virtually all of the seats are in the blazing hot sun until later in the game (but there's really only shade for those seats behind home plate). And when it's in the 90s, and there's no wind, it can get pretty brutal sitting in the seats - which would actually more suitable for frying eggs on.  Fortunately, the concourse from third base to right field is shaded, but there's not enough room for all the scores of people wanting to stand in the shade behind the green line. So if you want to stand in the concourse on a hot day, you'll get to play the part of a sardine (packed with all the other sardines) to a tee.   Somewhat strangely, one of two novelty stores is outside the park (see pic) with portable toilets. They stamp your hand to get back into the park if you use the toilets or visit the store.   Overall, it is Spring Training, and it's hard to screw that up, but what the Angels really need to do to upgrade this place is eighty-six those rock-hard bleacher bench seats and widen those concourses like a normal baseball park with some elbow room.  One thumb up and one down for Tempe Diablo Stadium.
4, I was never much of a burrito person until this Fat Bastard entered my life one fateful late evening last summer.  "A lil tequila lime chicken please," I said. Their idea of "lil" is not the same as mine, but do not mistake this as a complaint. Generous portions of all your typical fixings (lettuce, pico, guac, cheese, peppers) plus unique ones such as noodles (A MUST!) and "crunchies" (AKA those hot-as-death chips) are piled sky-high to the point one must wonder, how will these wonderfully nice people close this burrito?  It's a true art what they do here, managing to fit all those toppings into one tortilla is a skill most enviable. The tequila lime is my favourite, but my partner in crime swears by the baja chicken. I've also tried the baked yam (though don't be fooled: to heat it up they do toss it in the deep fryer for a minute) and it was awesome, again huge portions. The pulled pork is my friend's fave, but it wasn't for me. They have a large selection of flavours, as well as quesadillas that are built much the same.   Be warned: the hot sauce here is super hot! The last time I got a burrito here I passed on all things spicy.  Sizes come in lil, large and huge, the latter of which truly does live up to it's name. I've personally never ordered anything bigger than a "lil" and with toppings so generous, finishing even that can be a challenge!
5, I've been here numerous times now (monthly!), and stand by my statement that M Lovely Nail has some of the best quality, talented nail artists and craftmanship in Toronto.  I've been to TIPS Nail Bar, the 10 Spot, and more bougie places, yet have never received the kind of customer service and attention to detail that I receive here at M Lovely Nail.  I'm picky about my nails and who I trust with them, but at this salon, nails really are an art, and all of the staff here treat their customers with care.  For my nails, I like to see Tony and Quan.  Tony is so talented with nail designs and french manicures, and Quan is excellent at shellac. I always get so many compliments after seeing them, and my manicures last forever!  My friends have requested Brandon and have had great reviews for him too, so I highly recommend just about anyone at this salon.  It's a hidden gem in Toronto that definitely deserves more attention. I'd give this 10 stars if I could! :)   Location: Right by Yonge/Bloor, so it's a convenient walk from the subway and closeby U of T campus!  Price: One of the most affordable in town! I pay abou $25 for shellac and $35 for a french mani.  Thank you so much, M Lovely Nail! I'll definitely be back. :)
5, I am at the Sun Prairie Costco location almost every day. The location is great, in one of the fastest-growing areas in the U.S. (2017.) Their quality is outstanding, and their staff is a friendly team that always seems to genuinely enjoy working together.   This location moves a LOT of merchandise and rotates their inventory continuously, so it goes without saying that if you see something you think you might enjoy owning and don't grab it immediately, you may not get a second chance.   There's very little risk of buyer's remorse thanks to Costco's very liberal return policy. I don't relish chances to return things, but the handful of times I've been legitimately unsatisfied with the quality of a product, they have taken it back, no questions asked.   Lastly, Costco has absolutely, hands-down, the best crab legs you will ever have the chance to buy. They put grocery store crab legs to shame, and I've found them to be of better size and quality of meat than even specialty seafood retailers in Elm Grove and Downtown Milwaukee, as a comparison. Like nearly everything, Costco's seafood has increased in price over the past year, but is still well worth splurging for.
1, I wish I could have reviewed this restaurant based  on the food. My girlfriend and I came to Fernando's after passing on this place many times. Upon entering we were greeted by the server and asked to sit anywhere we wanted. The place at the time was pretty much empty save for a small group and two couples. Granted we had taken at least 5 minutes to order but we had ordered in time to beat a rush of hungry customers as the venue filled up another 5 minutes after we ordered. 20 minutes of waiting for our food turned into contempt as we saw customer after customer order and get their food before we did despite us being there before. We wouldn't have left as 'quick' as we did if not for a small family of 3 across the way receiving their food, having finished their order and receiving their second order while we remained at our booth sipping on our waters having gone through our reading material twice already. The icing on the cake was that as we left the waitress made it a point to come out to us and rudely inform us that our server would have to pay for what we had ordered and that we had to wait because it was busy. Surely for someone who works in customer service one would think that the general principle is first come, first serve, especially in a restaurant. I suppose however that things are done differently in Mexico.
4, One of the tougher entry level hikes in Red Rock.  Be prepared to complete destroy normal running or walking shoes on the sand stone and sharp rocks on the way.  There is no clear path up but if you follow the trail signs, then stick to the left of the gully on the way up you should see many footpaths.  You want to aim yourself to be about 100 feet to the left of the flat rock face/wall of Turtlehead, then wrap around the back and up.    Kids who are used to hiking and listen to their guardians (about not going near the edge) will enjoy the hike.  We've had 8-10 year olds out a few times and I've seen dogs a couple times.  I would not recommend dogs without protective booties though on their feet.  They'd get torn up :(  Be careful of the cactus and sharp bushes -- bring gloves just in case you take a slight tumble.  I've seen many people pulling 2 inch thorns out of their hands here.  Watch your step, drink plenty of water and enjoy the view.  Red Rock has roughly 12 other peaks in the park on the scenic loop which are not marked trails by the park though they are well established by the hiking community.  Check out Juniper Peak, Rainbow Peak, Bridge Mountain, or if you are feeling adventurous White Pinnacle Peak.  Juniper is my favorite for a good 3-4 hour hike!
1, I had high hopes for this garage and had taken my car there once for an inspection with good results.  Last week I asked if they could change my oil. The man said to drop the car off on Thursday night and leave the key in the key drop, he would get the job done on Friday. I left the car in the lot, dropped the key in the slot, and came back for it on Friday afternoon even though I had no phone call telling me it was ready for pickup.  To my surprise, the shop was closed during Friday business hours when I arrived! Nobody was around, the car had not been touched, my key was still inside the shop, and the phone number was going to voicemail. I left without my car.  I called again on Saturday. Voicemail again. No car. Called again on Sunday. Voicemail again. No car. Finally someone answered on Monday. I told him I would be there to pick up my car in the afternoon and was told they would be closing early, and would be closed by the time I got there. Unbelievable.  I managed to arrange to get my car back finally after FOUR DAYS. Luckily I was able to make do without it by bothering my friends and borrowing their cars when I needed to go somewhere, and had no emergencies, but imagine if I actually needed to use my own vehicle! Unprofessional and unacceptable. I would not recommend using this garage unless you are comfortable with not getting your car back for days with no communication because they decided not to work that day for some unknown reason.  No apology. No discount. When I brought up the fact that they left me stranded for four days the man on the phone said 'that's between you and the other guy'... I will never take my car here again.
1, We just sold my dad's house, and moved him into an assisted living.  We had a houseful of belongings to sell.  I had contacted Holly at Lenore and Auntie Glads Estate sale.   Holly agreed to do the sale for a 3 day weekend sale.  I had taken a few items from the home, prior to the sale.  She set up a week prior to the sale and decided to do a one day sale, unannounced. We had our back against the wall, cause the house was closing  the following week.  Holly did the sale, which was a total dissapointment.  Selling the items way below the tagged price and leaving 1/3 of the household item behind.  I continued the "Sale" by directional signs on a church Sunday, and raised 50% of her revenue, with all the leftover, pick over stuff. Holly is quite the sales lady, to get you to sign the contract, but has no sense of  business.  I would advise anyone to do a sale by themselves and put an ad on ESTATESALES.Com for $ 89.00, and post numerous pics on that site.  All the money raised was going to charity, but it put a sour taste in our mouth when we had to pay Holly 40% for a pathetic sale.  She also says, she sends emails to her list, which is the  ESTATE Sales.com viewership.   Lenore and Auntie Glads is front for a ripoff company!!
3, I was making Julia Child's Beef Bourguignon for Christmas Dinner...call me crazy but it was divine and I do believe that Cumbrae's helped to ensure that was the case.   Their meat cannot be compared and they are so organized.   It was scary when I arrived to a line up at 930am when they opened.  But they were quick and had my order ready for me and ready to go.  However, if I had NOT made this before I would have been in big trouble because they gave me the wrong kind of bacon and its really such a key ingredient in this recipe.  I went to them specifically knowing that they are the best.  I asked for the top of the line meat for this recipe cut into 2 inch cubes along with a chunk of top bacon cut into 1/4inch by 1 1/2 inch lardons.  This task of cutting and cubing would save me a great deal of time.  Well they gave me strips of bacon cut into 1/4 inch pieces.  And they gave me meat cut into 4" squares....Thankfully their policy is to show you what you ordered before you finish the purchase.  Had I not know what lardons were I would have taken the mush of bacon they had put in a vacuum sealed bag.    thankfully they quickly fixed the order and all was good and Beef was the best I have ever made.  So just remember they may have good meat but know what you ordered dont expect them to always be brilliant.....
1, I loved this place because I had amazing health insurance at the time so I happily paid $400 for 2 pairs of glasses which would have cost us $1500 out of pocket. I liked their frame selection because they carry Gucci, Dior, & Oliver People's but they are TERRIBLE at doing lenses. If you have bad eyesight and actually need glasses to do their job, do not come here.   My husband and I both got the poly-carbonate lenses with anti-glare and I was so disappointed by the quality. I needed my glasses adjusted when I got them (as everybody does) and the crappy lab that these people send their glasses to put on a cheap layer of anti-glare so that when they're adjusted, they literally melt and smear!!! Who does that!? I've been wearing glasses for 10 years now and have never had to deal with something so ridiculous.   After my first fitting and my lenses got smeared, they sent them back and received the second pair a week and a half later. Those got smeared during the adjustment process too. Those were sent back and on my 3rd pair, the people realized that they'll have to put a cloth over the lenses to not get them too hot so they won't smear. What a hassel! This place is so far from my house and every time I need adjustments, I have to come back here in hopes that my lenses won't smudge and I'll be screwed out of glasses. I've had those glasses since last February and about 6 months in, the anti-glare began rubbing off at the bottom and continued to do so until my frames snapped two nights ago.   My husband's anti-glare actually got smudged because he left his glasses out in the car one day and then tried to clean them. This place offers a one year warranty on their lenses so they replaced them for free, but it was still an incredible inconvenience. I will never recommend anybody nor return here again. My father-in-law also purchased a pair of glasses here and had the same problem of the anti-glare wearing after a couple of months. So cheap. Go across the street to Lenscrafters where you pay a little more but you only have to wait one hour instead of 1 month to get a pair of working glasses.
3, If you like "Jerk" style food, they do this well here. If they have it in stock, they also offer exotic items like "Bammy," "Oxtail" and home-made ginger beer. Of course, they didn't have these available when we were there. Sadly, the ginger beer was substituted with "Champagne Kola" which has so much sugar in it (43 g per bottle) that it is more like syrup than a drinkable beverage. I am pretty sure all the regulars here have developed or are about to develop type II diabetes. We saw several tables down these sodas as if they were water.   But back to the food. The plantain appetizer was tasty. My jerk chicken was quite good with just the right amount of kick to it. My dining companions selected the jerk shrimp which they also enjoyed. The service was a bit confusing with various people coming to our table at various times and some confusion regarding our side dishes. The side dishes were not particularly memorable to either me or to my boyfriend. Overall, it was a fine experience but not one I would go out of my way to repeat.
4, Got a social media deal so had to try this place. Started with half a dozen oysters. They were so good!  The horseradish had good kick and it came with a sauce that was just so tasty. I hadn't had oysters for so long I indulged in another half dozen. Mmmm.  The waiter said the owner takes particular care in ensuring the oysters are fresh shipping them in temperature controlled containers.   Daughter got the crispy calamari and contrary to what I thought, the calamari is tender and served hot.  No hard chewy calamari here. The sauce is refreshing also, light and lemony.  I ate too much.  Moving on to the salad. The ceasar is served with a Parmesan cracker. Good but nothing to write home about. Wife had the wedge salad, she said the dressing was a tad too watery.  Main dish was a bit disappointing. My daughter had the clams and pasta dish. Clams were really salty...voodoo clams. The pasta was better. I had the Spaghetti and Halibut. That dish was rather plain.  The wife had lobster ravioli. She enjoyed it so that was the best dish of the three. Gnocchi side was good, slightly mushy but tasty.  Dessert was creme brûlée and chocolate lava type cake. Both were very good. The deal included a lemonchello. Man that lemonchello was strong. Yowzaa!    So next time I'm coming here and eating oysters, calamari and dessert!
4, This a great little neighborhood sports bar.  It's our go-to place for UFC events.  The place is clean & comfortable, with a nice ambiance and we've always had good service (even on crazy fight nights when the placed is packed).  We have found the prices to be a little high for a sports bar style menu, but when you consider they don't charge a cover fee for UFC events & sometimes have coupons, it's not too bad.  The food isn't 5 star amazing, but it's pretty solid for a joint like this.  We've tried probably about half the stuff on the menu in the years we've been visiting Augie's.  For the appetizers, the egg-roll-wrapped mozz sticks & pretzel sticks are the best of the bunch.  Their wings are run-of-the-mill & sadly they don't offer variable heat levels on the buffalo style (it's a soft medium IMO).  The burgers & sandwiches are mostly good, but not exceptional.  The best things on the menu are the ribs & pizza.  The ribs are baked/grilled style rather than smoked, but they're super tender with a sweet sauce & fall off the bone.  The pizza is probably our favorite thing at Augie's.  If fact, I'd even say I was kinda shocked at how good it was when we first tried it.  The crust is a bit bready, but it really works with the sauce & cheese they use.  It's definitely worth a try.  Pro tip - order it "well done" to get a nice slightly charred edge.  For dessert, the chocolate brownie sundae thing is surprisingly awesome.  It's simple, but good & surely plentiful.  All in all, we're lucky to have a joint like this out in the far west valley.  They have friendly service, show UFC fights for free, and the food is above-average for this kind of place.
3, The service here was not great.   We arrived ten minutes before our reservation. Even though most of the tables were empty, we were told to wait until our time. My friend and I went to the bar and got some drinks, and expected the hostess to come get us when our table was ready. A minute after our reservation time, we walked back to the hostess and she asked us "How can I help you?" It seemed like she had already forgotten our faces in such a short time?  We were taken to our table on the second floor where a waitress was setting our table. She introduced herself as our waitress, and we sat down. We weren't given menus, and waited about ten minutes before we asked a random waiter passing by for a menu. He brought one to us, and we proceeded to wait even longer. I'm not sure how long we waited, but our waitress had not passed by again. We had to ask a random waiter if we would be able to order.   A waiter came by and apologized that there had been a mix up in the tables, and he took our order. (Confusing because our previous waitress had already introduced herself?). We ordered, and about five minutes later our original waitress came by apologizing, saying that she put in our order. Cool!  After waiting quite a while, eventually one sushi roll came out. My friend and I began to eat, when the waiter came by and apologized that our other sushi roll was taking a while. He offered free sake bombs to compensate for our trouble. Cool!  We took the free drink, and eventually our other roll came. The food was good, but a bit pricey. Food was a 4, service was a 2, average review is about a 3. The entertainment was interesting, lots of dancing!
4, I've been coming here every Thursday now for awhile and really like it.   I meet a running group close by and after our run we normally meet at Blasted Barley for a couple beers & fries. For as often as I've been here, that's pretty much all I've tried. One time our waitress convinced a few of us to try what she referred to as "vegetarian" wings (mozzarella sticks that are covered in the "dynamite" wing sauce) that were very tasty. The fries here are yummy as well.   They have a good HH for beer. All of the beers they brew themselves, plus all local beers are $3 a pint until 7. The couple of beers they brew that I've tried were good (I really like the Orca, but they haven't had it in a couple months). They also do a "lucky lady" special ($3 for a "surprise" brown bag canned beer). Sometimes a few of us will try this. A lot of the time it's Keystone or Nati Ice, often times they'll have something good from San Tan brewery.   It's never been overly crowded when we come, and service can be hit or miss, but it's never terrible.
3, I don't usually leave reviews, but I feel our meal at this restaurant deserves one.   FOOD: The food was great. The oysters were wonderful. We all wanted to try the French onion soup, which they split into half portions for us (unexpected and nice of them to do). The bone in ribeye was perfectly cooked and very good, but the real star was the 10 oz filet. Honestly, I wish I had been the one to order it, because it was one of the best cuts I have ever had. The truffle mashed potatoes were a great addition as a side.   Overall, the quality of the meat was excellent. I did feel like the steak could have been seasoned more. Other than that, no complaints here.   SERVICE: Here is where things went a bit downhill. Lets start with the positives - first, the hostess was very nice and sat us at a great spot near the windows to watch the fountains. We were also visited by [who I am assuming is] the manager of the restaurant, who was very quick to respond to any requests we had. These two individuals were not only helpful, but very friendly and personable.   The negatives - from the very moment we sat down, I got the feeling we were being rushed by our server. There is a difference between being attentive and being overly pushy. Our table felt that we were experiencing the latter. Additionally, we all felt that both servers for our table were relatively unfriendly and standoffish.  I was also unimpressed by the attitude of the individual who split the check. Two of us were in Vegas on business and needed to split the check so that certain dishes were included on different cards. For some reason, this was met with frustration. In fact, the server responsible for the check walked away from me mid-sentence as I was explaining how it needed to be split up. Not a great touch.   OVERALL: The food and the atmosphere were very good. However, they weren't good enough to make up for the lack of personable/helpful service that you should get if you're paying to eat at an upscale restaurant like Prime claims to be.   Our family visits Vegas frequently but it's unlikely we will be back due to the service (and the fact that there are so many other great alternatives in the area). I would also hesitate to recommend this for business outings - no need to deal with attitude from the server over splitting the check when there are so many other restaurants who are more than willing to accommodate this type of request.
2, Visited this spot with a hungry stomach & a friend who wanted eggs. When walking in we didn't know if we seated ourselves or waited to sit down. The register is by the door & that specific space was a little cramped because so many people were coming into buy bread. The rest of the place is sort of small but lots of tables to sit at. When sitting down I quickly looked at yelp & wish I had taken the time out to actually read the reviews & know I should have tried the custard. However, the only thing I saw was that customer service was not too great so I was curious to see how our visit was going to be.  Staff were so so. Not super friendly but friendly to their regulars. We ordered our beverages, me an apple juice & my friend a coffee & it honestly took a while to get to our table. We both got the omelet with Portuguese sausage & I added mushrooms to mine. The plate came with 4 huge slices of bread which was good & the omelet wasn't something I favored. The omelet was basic, I just overall wasn't impressed. I wish I had taken the time to read reviews & try their custard as people recommend & maybe then I would have had a different experience.
4, This has been on my bucket list for a while. I came here for restaurant week. My husband called for a reservation and we got sat right away. We were near a window which was nice. The server was friendly. I got the tots and my husband got the mussels. Both were delicious.   After we got our appetizers, we waited a good 40 mins for our entrees. The server told us that the kitchen was backed up and apologized. No biggie. But when we got served our food, it was two completely different dishes. I got the meatball orzo and my hubs got the snapper. We were served chicken and something else. We told him it wasn't our order and the server looked confused. He took the food back and we waited again for our food. We were done eating our appetizers and saw a couple get sat. They got their appetizers and entrees all while we were waiting on our food. We finally got our food. We were both happy with our orders. The meatballs were delicious and soft. The orzo was cooked really well. My husband's snapper was very fresh and tasty.   Since we were there for a long time we decided to get our desserts to go. The server said he was sorry again for the confusion and the comped our appetizers. We got the check and saw that the order was put in wrong that's why we waited so long. Overall, it was a good experience. The food made up for it. We would definitely come back to try their regular menu.
2, I live in the neighbourhood, so I also wanted to like the place.  The first time I dropped in was for a take-away Nespresso/ espresso coffee, which was quite good.  The second time I came by for a take-away salad, which was ok.  To my taste, most of the salads feature poorly combined ingredients, as if disregarding taste, someone randomly selected trendy ingredients like caramelized pecans to throw in with what-have-you.  I considered exploring other things on the menu during their half-price evening specials, but discovered that it was only dine-in.  The ambiance doesn't really appeal to me, especially if it gets busy, so I didn't bother.  Then, a breakfast special sign appeared in the window:  bottomless coffee, eggs, toast for $5.99.  No bacon or sausage.  Not the best of deals, but still convenient and good.  And mornings were not too crowded, before the high school students descend.  I found the breakfast to be a good start to the day, and the endless coffee was good and strong and dark-roast.  Even the music was ok.  For the price, I was willing to disregard the atmosphere with the big-screen tv and the smell of Pine-Sol permeating the place and interfering with my tastebuds.  Regular breakfasts are just ok. I tried an omelette once which was overcooked.  I had the Huevos Rancheros another time and quite enjoyed that.  I don't quite know how it is possible, but much of the food doesn't have flavour.  And then, they installed the sliding windows-- which is great-- but they removed the tables at the front windows and replaced them with sofa chairs and wee drink tables: I don't get it.  The breakfast special is gone.  The coffee has now become medium roast acidic diner stuff. The music is now AM radio.  I asked for extra salsa with my meal and was charged for it. I won't be back.  The things that I was enjoying have disappeared, and the sum of what is left is not worth the experience to me.  The place seems uncertain as to what it wants to be and to whom.
5, On the hunt for brunch on a weekend, our very own Yelp suggested this as something in the neighborhood to try.  We left highly satisfied.  Like: Basically everything.  We were warmly greeted when we walked in and immediately pegged as first-timers.  The server came over to talk to us about the place and explain how she and her wife owned it, and tell us a little bit about the restaurant.  To be honest, I've forgotten her name but I'm assuming it's Kim based on other reviews.  She was so sweet to us the entire time and we really enjoyed talking to her.  The food was really tasty, a good size and incredibly affordable.  We lingered a little longer than normal after eating but never felt pressured to leave.  Dislike: I don't really have anything to say in this category.  You've got a partner run business with two women that clearly want to make sure you are satisfied.  And we were.  I would love to come back to this place again for dinner and check out some of the other options on the menu.  We'll be back for sure.
1, Be cautious about what the service advisor recommends. Before doing the work, definitely get a second opinion or you may pay hundreds to thousands of dollars unnecessarily. Here's our story.   My wife and son took our Edge in for a routine oil change and next thing I know they are given a recommendation that ranged in the thousands of dollars. The service advisor made it sound like it was urgent and we would be taking a risk if the work was not done. I took my car to a trusted mechanic and he said none of the recommended work needed to be done right away and some not for a long time. After hearing this, I felt like the service person was just trying to make money through scare tactics. I have bought 3 cars from this facility and have done service through them since then but now I will not bring my cars back again and I will not buy another car from them because I don't trust their ethics any longer! I understand the need to let the customers know what could potentially be wrong but they should also be honest and add when they really need to be fixed to give the full picture. The advisors I worked with early on were honest and did not try to up sale me on things that needed to be done through scare tactics but just let me know the facts and when they could be done. Unfortunately they do not work there anymore. I wonder why?
4, Giordano's is a great Italian/Chicago style restaurant that I highly recommend! The negative reviews on this place's wait times and busyness should not count against it. This restaurant just opened no more than 5 months ago, it is located on the busy P83 strip with tons of people and near the Arrowhead Mall, and is only a moderate sized restaurant.       When my husband and I first arrived we heard the wait was almost 2 hours but for a party of 5+ - for just me and my husband we were sat right away. Large families/parties need to realize that places that have just opened up are going to be super busy and have long wait times - its common sense. We sat at a small side table and were not too shocked at how busy and compacted everyone was. We expected it and were happy to see all the buzz around the place. Our waiter got our drinks immediately and walked us through the menu. He warned us about a large party that had just arrived and that we needed to put any pizza order in soon other wise it would be over an hour wait for a Chicago style pizza.       My husband and I wanted to go a different route and ordered a pasta and sandwich instead. The wait time on the pizza was not a negative strike to us - we knew hand making a pizza from scratch takes time and we were more interested in the other dishes anyways. My husband ordered the Italian Beef Sandwich and I ordered the Marinara Spaghetti while we shared the Giordano's Sampler. The food was FANTASTIC and i'll be posting pictures of it too. It was rich and flavorful with a real taste of care and love. The only negative part of the meal was that everything came out all together and quite quickly. I believe my husband and I waited just over 10 minutes to get our appetizers, salads, and entrees. Our table almost couldn't fit it all. I ended up having to not finish my salad because I did not want my entree to get cold.       Other than that my husband and I had a great meal and really enjoyed the atmosphere. We also appreciated our waiter and his thoughts in items on the menu that were best for us and our time frame. I will definitely be back to have more from this delicious establishment - but with a party no larger than 3 I think for the next few months.
5, Great place for vegans!! Everything is vegan! Overall very tasty and amazing flavors. Decent prices, lunch is cheaper $8.75 for selected dishes but smaller portions. Dinner is roughly $12. For someone who eats meat I can verify that this place is delicious!   1. Orange chicken: most famous and it's obvious why it's famous. Taste exactly like regular phage chicken. A must try!!   2. Spicy crispy eggplant: amazing flavor!!! Another popular choice. Taste and looks exactly like fries but healthier and tastier. Bit sweet and spicy and crunchy! Definitely eat it in the restaurant because it will get soggy if you take away.  3. Veggie pan fried noodles: AMAZING. Very hot (temperature), crispy, excellent gravy, and tons of veggies and sit shrimps. Another must try!   4. Curry tamarind fish with veggies: Nice curry taste but too sour for our liking. We ended up changing the order to regular curry and it was much better. The fish is soy and wrapped in seaweed for the "fish" taste. Not bad but not my favorite because of the tofu texture which throws off my taste buds.   5. Kung pao chicken: Excellent flavor! The soy chicken has a wonderful flavor being marinated in the sauce. Tons of veggies too. Another must try!  Overall, I will go again!
4, To be honest this review may be a little impartial only because Santa Fe Station is my favorite Station casino to visit. It's not the closest one to where I live or even one I frequent that often but this theater certainly makes it so. First the up-charge for 3-D is only three bucks instead of the usual five I've been paying elsewhere. Second the snack area is just awesome, no other theater I've been to has a Starbucks coffee, hand scooped ice cream, and a cafeteria style check out.   I went here today on a semi-date with my husband. (While we were here together and at the same time, we were in different theaters, watching different movies.) Buying tickets I saw the best thing ever. A movie style poster stating that kids under six will not be permitted to go into rated R movies after 6PM. OMG jerks who bring their kids to inappropriate movies and let them ruin it by yelling and not removing them when they get loud is one of my biggest pet peeves. Knowing that I can go here and not have to put up with that crap will keep bringing me back. LOVE IT!!!
2, Came here after soaking up the sun in the Aria where we were staying in las vegas.  We were going for a later meal, wanted something casual that wasn't a buffet and one of the casino employees mentioned this place had good pizza so the other non-New Yorkers were lured in (as someone who has had fantastic pizza here in NYC and Chicago I was skeptical).  We were promptly seated (for a party of 8 we had our own private dining area), and our waitress was very prompt and attentive to our table.  They have a small menu, but it catered to our different dietary restrictions (some were doing a Paeleo diet, some were doing low carb, some were vegetarian... it's hard to please 8 women sometimes!).  I ended up getting the sausage and peppers sandwich, the well suited, and a few of us tried the margharetia pizza .   The drink was nice and strong, and was the best part of my meal.  The sausage and peppers sandwich was flavorful, though the amount of bread was overwhelming to the amount of sausage and pepers within the sandwich so it was mostly bread.  The pizza, though we requested it be cut in 8 (usually their pies are cut in 6), was cut oddly so it wasn't an equitable division of pizza amongst our party (so we ended up cutting some slices in half), however the taste was bland and the crust though well done on the edges, could have been cooked a bit more and tasted a bit raw.  So for a quick casual bite I would say ok, however this wouldn't rank very highly in my list of places to eat while in Vegas.
1, I went to Casa Reyna nearly four months ago after a several year hiatus.  I am not sure how to write this poor of a review because I've never done so with as much emphasis on poor as this one.   I went with a group of people who all experienced lackluster service and agreed on bland tasting, watered down food. For a restaurant which, in the past, had an amazing reputation for their genuine, traditional Mexican cuisine, most - if not all - of my party left generally uninspired and unwilling to return.  Despite what appeared to be the same authentic, expansive menu (which excited me beyond words) we all felt the actual food (and slow, rude service) was a waste of our time and money.  I could go into positives vs. negatives like I feel most reviews should have but, to be perfectly candid, the only positive I can think of is the cool set up and decor.  Since this could easily turn into a catastrophically negative review on a public forum I will refrain from writing anything more than:  1.  I should have tried the true staple Nopalas (I have concluded that finding this on a Pittsburgh menu is extremely rare) and 2. Don't rely on Casa Reyna's previous reputation because, for whatever reason, things have dramatically changed (possibly explaining our terrible experience?) ... do yourself a favor and go someplace else.   Local comparison:  El Paso Mexican Grill Not recommended.
4, Only absolutely Lovely things to say about LOV! This place has the feels... you know the feels, when you need a bohemian, tropical vibe on a freezing Montreal day, yeah, those feels! The inside is super tropical, yet minimalist and clean. I'm talking clean lines, white on green on pale green. It is a floral masterpiece. There is ample seating, you would never guess from the way it is tucked into a quiet part of bustling downtown Montreal that it would be so SPACIOUS! This is a great place for groups. The food was delicious as well! I'm always in the mood for a delicious vegetarian meal, and this menu has been curated well. I met my buddy from Austin for a light dinner on a Tuesday evening. I started with a Mango/ turmeric lasso- which I'll admit was my least favorite part- WAY too much turmeric and not enough mango flavor. We had the quinoa fritters to start which were absolutely delicious! I need to learn how to make these. I had the LOV Burger with onion rings and loved every bit of it. My partner and buddy ordered two very good dishes, one was a zucchini squash dish that I don't see on the menu and I can't remember the other one. The food is what knocks this rating down a star. While my burger had no faults, the other two dishes didn't wow anybody. Still willing to go back here with some of my vegan/ veggie friends who visit Montreal.
5, This place is amazing! I came here with my boyfriend when we were driving around and didn't know a good new place to eat. We stumbled across it and thank god we did. First off the service here is amazing. Our server was Sammy and he was great. It was our first time there and we didn't know what to get so we gave Sammy all of our trust and told him to order everything for us. Our drinks, appetizers, and dinner. He asked us questions first what we were looking for or craving and what we didn't like. The drinks he brought out were so delicious and refreshing. I had a grapefruit drink and my boyfriend had a cucumber one. Sammy informed us that all the vodkas are in house infused with the fruits and veggies. Which is a good touch because they really were some of the best cocktails we had. Then our appetizer arrived. Sammy had ordered us the cheddar fondue which came with warm soft pretzels, sausage, apple slices, and of course cedar fondue. Shortly after or dinners arrived he order my boyfriend a burger and fries best burger I've tried since I moved to AZ hands down. Sammy had ordered me the skewers. That came with a little bit of everything. Chicken, beef, veggies and shrimp skewers. Also can with a red pepper dip and this amazing honey muster glaze sauce which I put on everything!!!! We got this at a very reasonable price. Moral of this is that we will definitely be back and it is worth going and trying!!!!
4, Before you eat here you have to know that this restaurant has been around for 37 YEARS! That is amazing for any restaurant. Restaurants come and go, but this one has stood the test of time...and you"ll definitely notice that the decor, although clean and super comfortable, is understatedly retro.  I liked the vibe here. There's a fair sized restaurant area and a large lounge with a cozy brick fireplace. It's usually packed Friday and Saturday nights.  The owner's son played with the Calgary Stampeders once upon a time, so there's lots of Stampeder memorabilia. It wouldn't be completely unrealistic to see some football players digging into some steaks while you're eating.   My friends and I had pizza, Greek salad and Caesar salad. The Greek Salad was delicious and had some bonus creaminess to it. The Caesar (large) was nice and garlicky and came with a generous side of garlic toast.  We had the Ambrosia pizza (think spinach, artichoke hearts  feta) and the Athenian pizza (think feta and olives). Both had toppings that blended together in the most amazing way! I would order both again.  Service was great - attentive, polite and friendly.  This restaurant has a solid menu; is comfortable and laid back; and has some friendly employees who obviously enjoy what they do.
3, Food is above average but service is way below average. Every time we dine here, we expect poor service but the food is good and we just hope that someday, the service will improve.   We normally build our own burgers and they burgers and onion rings are fabulous. I also have tried the Chinese Chicken Salad -- which is very good as well.   Today at 5:00 pm with open tables (so not super busy), we sat for 10 minutes before someone came to take our drink orders. I will give the server credit, once she acknowledged us, she provided very good service. We talked before dinner and expected them to get at least 1 thing wrong with our order -- and we were wrong- 2 things wrong this visit... my husbands burger was medium well instead of medium. And they gave my son a kids shake instead of a regular shake.   We really like the food here but as I mentioned, the service is ALWAYS POOR!  We want so badly for this restaurant to turn it around - but with every singe visit, we have received poor service.   Someone from the management needs to pay attention, for now, while the economy is so strong, they can get away with poor service, but if the economy slips, people will take their business elsewhere. Most servers here are more interested in interaction with each other than they are providing customer service. I cannot understand why such a small restaurant needs 3 greeters. Maybe a reallocation of resources is in order....
1, I have goose bumps after reading the 1st review because I experienced the same exact experience yesterday! This woman "Andrea" who happens to be the owner flat out shocked my mom and I and left us speechless after what she did! Throughout speaking with her for 45 min about what we wanted for the bridal party, chuppa, and table arrangements, we got short answers, no visuals, and complete attitude. Being a bride, and completely overwhelmed, you would think someone who wants your business would show you samples of things and try and help you to create the look you are going for. This woman lacked any expertise. In fact, when we couldn't come to a clear idea of the centerpieces, I said how about I get all of the flowers through her and get the candleabra's through the other place we had conversed about, and she said, " How about you just get nothing from us," and ripped up the order form into tiny pieces! This form had all the things that I had planned to get through her (which mind you was over $1000 worth of business)!!! I still feel like it was a nightmare or that Ashton Kutcher was going to jump out and say, " HA you have been punked!" The only thing I could say was that the BBB would be hearing about this to what she responded, "You can write what ever you want sweetie."  Are you kidding me?!!!  Please think twice about getting your arrangements here. Good luck!!  - Pissed off bride
5, OMG OMG OMG! Beckett's table is an amazing addition to the Phoenix restaurant scene. I have enjoyed two meals here and both were equally amazing.   The true test for any restaurant in my family is if we take my father there and he does not complain. My second outing to Beckett's Table was with my dad and he did not complain a single time. That my friends is when you know it's good.   I have not been very adventurous during my two times dining here, I ordered the exact same thing each time, with dessert for me always being a toss up.  The Beckett's original grilled cheese with that delicious tomato soup is absolutely amazing. The savory soup coupled with a grown up kid classic is a divine way to start a decadent evening meal. The short ribs were absolutely amazing. They are what carnivore dreams are made of. As if it could not get any better, then there is dessert. And as a person who always looks at a dessert menu first to decide if I want to save room, SAVE ROOM! I have had the chocolate dipped bacon 'smores and the death by chocolate. Both are amazing, but the death by chocolate is by far my favorite. HELLO NUTELLA PUDDING! I swear I still have dreams about it.   I appreciate the GF options, I'm always on the lookout for places that can accommodate my little celiac sis.   One more thing to note: Parking is an absolute nightmare in this lot, I would suggest parking towards the other end of the shopping center and walking up to Beckett's.
1, An absolute joke of a branch. The customer service is extremely poor, especially from one specific teller. I wish I caught her name. I have been a preferred customer for years and my family is seriously considering taking our accounts to another bank altogether. Don't expect to be helped if you don't arrive with plenty of time before they close - because they'll take their time to greet you to ensure that they don't acknowledge you until 7pm and spend time telling you that they can't help you because now it's 7:01pm.   I was standing there behind another customer for at least 2 minutes before the open teller (who wasn't helping a customer while I was waiting) even looked at me. I'm pretty sure she was just waiting for the clock to turn 7pm so she could tell me she couldn't help me.   Oh - but that same teller still answered the phone and does business over the phone well past 7pm.. probably hoping it's a new customer wanting to open another account for her own commission. But when she realized it was the person she turned away at 7:01pm, she hung up on me.   Completely unprofessional.
4, My husband and I came in here for a quick bite before going in the Michael Jackson One show that he surprised me with for our anniversary.   We came in right when it opened so it wasn't busy. Pretty comfortable, modern, ambience. I eat pretty much vegan style so I asked the waitress about vegan options. She recommended the hummus platter & also they can alter anything on the menu to make it vegan like eliminating any cheese or dairy in a dish etc.   I ended up ordering the broccoli appetizer & hummus platter which tasted really good. My husband got the pretzel without cheese but they still put out a side of cheese just in case lol We also ordered a flat bread with tomato sauce, mushrooms & olives & potato dish. We got the hummus platter & pretzel & got full so fast. Between the two of us, we are lightweight consumers.  It was taking quite awhile to get the other dishes so luckily as we were waiting, my husband brought a lil medical mj chocolate bar from the dispensary the other day to hold him off. While we waited, we ended up getting full. The restaurant started filling up & our view of the basketball game that was blocked.    The waitress finally came out & said that the potato dish we ordered comes with butter & asked if he still wanted it & we were like no thank you. She should have asked us that when she took our order but at the same time we were actually relieved because we were already full. I asked about the other dish & she said it was coming out soon.   Everything was pretty good there. The service was just a bit slow but maybe she was having a bad day or because it looked like business was starting to pick up.  Despite the slow service, I would come back again because everything was pretty flavorful.
5, Yasu Sushi is one of my favorite restaurants in the valley. It's sort of tucked away, it's next to a Subway, so sometimes it's easy to miss, but if you like sushi and delicious flavors, then you definitely went to step in.   Be sure to call ahead with a reservation! The restaurant is small and you can find yourself waiting, but it's worth it.   Valerie is usually my server. She's wonderful. My boyfriend and I make any excuse we can to get to Yasu. It's our favorite restaurant. I'm not usually a "we" or "our" person, but that's just how this situation ended up. And thank god because it means we always agree when it comes to going to Yasu. Did I ask them if they cater parties, or maybe even weddings? Maybe I did. Okay I did. (PS They do.)  We always order a bunch a plates but our #1 staple is the steamed pork bun. Just do it. Don't think about it. My friend once told me she would "literally die" if she didn't go to Europe once a year and I was like, lady I have no concept of that. But now that I've had the steamed pork buns at Yasu, I sort of understand. I'd probably die if I didn't eat them once a month. I think about them at least once a day.  Try sitting at the sushi bar when you go. It's so fun to talk to chef and learn what fish you should order that day. I guarantee you won't be disappointed.
5, Warning: If you are not a chocolate lover, this is not the place for you. I LOVE chocolate. And I love ice cream. This place offers an awesome variety dips for their soft serve dipped cones. The dips are real chocolate and hardens pretty thick, which I cannot get enough of. Though they only have 3 flavours of soft serve, the variety of dips to mix and match do not disappoint . I had a "kooky" crunchy hazelnut with vanilla soft serve in a mini and it was very satisfying. Because the chocolate is so rich, it's good that they have options for sizes depending on what you're able to tolerate. I had a filling lunch so a mini was just right. I also bought the chocolate covered pretzels. And as a customer  with a sweet tooth, let me tell you that the  best way to consume chocolate  is with a bit of salt and that's what a chocolate covered pretzel has to offer. Needless to say, I finished an entire box within a day. Staff were very friendly. Bright atmosphere with a few tables available to sit and enjoy your ice cream. Huge parking lot available as it is in a plaza. Definitely would go back!
3, We stopped by for a quick dinner on Sat night and it is very easy to spot as it is located west of the Spadina and Queen intersection.  Decor: Loved the full wall mural and seating. Menu looked like it was written in chalk on the top of the wall.  Food: We ordered 2 hotdogs, fries and mini-donuts (I was surprised they had donuts!). First, the 2 hotdogs we tried were: Fancy Francine and Kimchi Dog. Fancy Francine bit - it had a whole egg sunny side up with bacon and hollandaise sauce underneath. Tough to eat but tasty. The kimchi dog was a korean twist with kimchi, seaweed and mayo. Similarly, tough to eat but tasty. The buns for both were soft and fresh. Flavour-wise, the toppings were great but I found the hotdogs to be a bit tough to bite through - perhaps the it could have been cut a bit before serving. Fries were great. But by far the best and perhaps most surprising was the mini-donuts - we ordered a 6-pack of the nutella glazed with crush biscotti - wow - this was amazing!!! Donuts were made on the spot so they were warm and soft. Combined with the nutella - the whole thing melted in your mouth!  So - hotdogs were a bit mixed (Kraft Dog has better flavour) but the donuts were the best!
5, My favourite Superstore in the city, and clearly, the only one I go to.  The reason I love this particular location so much is because it's in a good area (Edgemont), the crowd isn't sketchy (like I sometimes find it to be in the other locations of Superstore) and depending on which day you go, it's not always insanely packed. I also love that they always carry every single last item on my grocery list, including the items on my 'Indian shopping list' such as basmati rice and chickpea flour. The produce section is always well stocked and it's rare that they run out of items before restocking them. The prices are always reasonable and they carry Joe Fresh clothing which I love to peruse!  The parking situation is also good and it's located in the Country Hills Plaza so you can pick up movie rentals, drop off your dry cleaning, pick up some pizza and even grab a couple of blizzards from Dairy Queen on your way home :)  I've missed this Superstore in my years away and I'm planning to make up for lost time in the upcoming weeks :)   See you there.
4, I'm always wary about switching to a new hair stylist because it's so easy for your "just a trim" to turn into several inches of missing hair. However, after moving to Toronto I knew I would have to take the leap and find a new stylist, and after reading good reviews for this salon I decided to give it a try.  I was booked with Effie for a haircut, and she was very professional and easy to talk to and joke with from the moment I walked in. She offered me a tea or coffee and we went over what I wanted with my hair, and she did a fabulous job! I have very thick hair and I felt like I lost 5 lbs after she was done thinning it. I'm also not usually a fan of how my hair is styled after the cut, but she made it look amazing and I was kind of sad I didn't have any plans after my appointment to show it off.  The best part is their complimentary bang trims between cuts - they encourage you to come back every 2 weeks and always seem to have time to get someone to trim them right away, so I never feel like I have to deal with bangs in my eyes or have to cut them myself between appointments.
2, I thought the lunch was $17.99 but during the weekend it is all day dinner price for $24.99 per person.  The only difference between dinner and buffet is that you get only one order of short ribs and one or two other item.  That is a rip.  This is not a self serve buffet, where you get you own meat.  You have to actually order from the waitress and they get it and cook it in front of you. The problem is sometimes you want more of one item than another.  The items they have are very limited.  The reason why I gave two stars is because they only give you two small bowls of rice for an all you can eat .  Also I am Asian.  Just like most Asians, I eat a lot of rice, especially with all you can eat meat buffet. I don't know of any Asian culture where you get more meat than rice. After I requested a second bowl of rice the waitress actually warned me that she will have to charge me for an extra bowl.  What the What. And this is a SMALL bowl of rice. it is less than 8 ounces. How can you eat hot and spicy foods with out rice.  This might be worth it for $12.99 but not for $17.99 or $24.99. It is not worth it. I hate going to a restaurant and feeling ripped off and I felt ripped off here.
4, Four stars for their food! I've been to Beijing Noodle 9 a handful of times and haven't been disappointed with their food. I've ordered appetizers to noodles and rice dishes to take out only and my food expectations were met each time.    One star for their service! I understand Chinese folks aren't the warmest and fuzziest..I'm Chinese myself and know that service is not something our culture strive on. However, being that this restaurant is part of Caesar Palace's restaurants, I had higher expectations that their wait staff and front end staff would provide a nicer dining experience. I was wrong.   The hostess, a young Chinese gal appeared to hate her job. As the hostess, I would imagine someone who at the very least says hi or greets the customer in some fashion with maybe, just maybe a smile. No, not this one. She appeared upset and just not happy overall. People leaving would say good bye and she would look at them and look away without a response. So odd, so weird, so unhappy, so she should probably get another job outside of the hospitality industry.  Waitstaff are rude and seems bothered when you ask for hot chili sauce, give you the side eye when you ask for a hot water refill for your teapot.  It won't stop us from going back though because the food is good even though service sucks, it's tolerable.
5, We visited Pittsburgh last week for my 31st Birthday and booked Dish Osteria as our dinner spot. The restaurant is very cozy. Seating is limited, so I would suggest a reservation. The dinner menu changes daily, but overall, expect scrumptious seafood, pasta, and salad. First of all, the bread is delicious and fresh. We enjoyed snacking on it before receiving our antipasta  and salad. We ordered the Insalata Mista della Casa; the salad was the perfect blend of peppery and crisp greens. I would highly recommend ordering it. Both of the antipastas we requested were the standouts of our meal. The Carpaccio di Manzo literally melted in your mouth. The beef was incredibly fresh and sliced to perfection, and the Reggiano was a nice touch. The cozze was the best bowl of mussels either of us have ever devoured  (and I make mussels regularly at home). The taste was somehow delicate and full of flavor simultaneously. I can not imagine a better way to start off your dinner than with these two dishes. By the time we ate our main courses, we were already drunk on the flavors Dish Osteria has to offer. I ordered the Spaghetti ai Frutti di Mare. All of the shellfish was fresh and cooked to perfection. The spaghetti was a firm al dente, which is exactly how I prefer it. Amazing dish. My husband ordered the Saltimbocca di Vitello. The meat was delicious, but somehow the least impressive part of the plate. The butter potato gnocchi was seriously Heavenly! The texture was like fluffy marshmallow, and the flavor - buttery goodness. If I could eat it every day, I would. The brussel's sprouts were sauteed well and incredibly flavorful. Overall, our dinner was an incredibly experience, and if we lived in Pittsburgh, Dish is a place we would dine at regularly.  We will remember our dining experience at Dish Osteria for years to come. It was simply delicious, and the best restaurant we visited while in Pittsburgh.
2, I have very mixed feelings about this place. The staff can be rude- sometimes youre stuck standing around not knowing who to talk to while the staff chats with their friends - which you cant tell apart. Sometimes, youre greeted by someone right away.  Their staff turn around here is..alarming. I've never had the same piercer twice. When I ask about ____ who did mine (or a friends ) last time, they will say they no longer work there - this has happened with 3 or 4 different piercers, all within a year.  I got my vertical labret pierced here a year ago, and it was wonderful. The girl who did it was sweet,and spent a solid 20 minutes making sure it was at a proper angle - asking me to make different facial expressions to see how it would sit.   My navel was a whole other experience. The girl (Ash i believe?) was rushing us, and not very nice. she marked it and didnt give me a chance to check it out in the mirror - which ended up being VERY crooked. She also pierced it too deep(length wise), and the jewelry she put in was subsequently too short and has made healing extremely difficult. I had to go through the (painful) experience of getting it changed at another shop. She also was quite offensive when I asked why she wasnt using clamps. She said "GOOD piercers dont need clamps, and a GOOD piercer knows theyre dangerous." Like she was insulted i had asked. Sorry, but all of my other piercings at this shop had clamps used so I was confused?   Overall very hit and miss. I have a perfect vertical labret from them, and a crooked too-tight navel.
3, The manager at BZ, Brandon, contacted me after my previous review.  I almost always access my account by phone so I didn't get around to writing back.  Today, he surprised myself and my coworker by delivering tons of food for us to try.  I was still skeptical - since everyone from my office who has eaten there has not been pleased - but I decided free food won't kill me.    He delivered spicy chicken salads, lamb salads (the dish we had last time), bruschetta, and hummus with pita.  So far, everyone loves it!  I have to say the salads are brimming with crisp lettuce, tender meat, and tasty veggies.  The bruschetta was pretty decent - likely better eaten fresh in the restaurant.  The hummus is so-so, but came with soft pita wedges and a trio of toppers that were delicious.    I have to say, the food is much improved.  Brandon seems like he truly wants to make BZ's better all around.  He reported to my coworker that they have revamped a lot of things since our last visit.  Now, we'll have to head over for Happy Hour to check out the service some night.    Thank you, Brandon!
3, We went to Graft on a Friday night with an 8 o'clock reservation. The place seemed fairly full.   Ambiance:  -The interiors were great. This might be odd but I love beautiful restrooms and their restroom is 5 stars. A restaurant that pays attention to its restroom is going to pay attention to other things as well... in my opinion.  -Service was great too. My water was refilled over and over. I said we weren't happy with the meal so our waiter took the pasta off the bill. I'd give them a 3.5 since they had good service.   Dinner:  -House made pasta with shrimp, peas, and butter sauce. This was very salty and pretty bad. My friend and I said it seemed like defrosted costco shrimp and vegetables with butter over pasta. Texture of pasta was good but the dish was bad.   -The tuna poke dish was in a japanese aioli over sesame oil apple slaw. Unfortunately the tuna just tasted like mayo.   -The roasted brussel sprouts were really good. We wished they had been crispy on the outside instead of sort of wet and soft all around.   -My friend got the pork belly which he said was great.   I wouldn't return.   **TIP - They don't update their menu on their website which is why I don't know the exact names of any of these dishes. Don't expect to get what's on their website. You'll just have to go there and see what they're serving.
3, I have had mostly mediocre to just plain horrible service at Akahana - yet its close proximity to my home keeps me coming back, mostly now for take-out.   I do love some of their rolls, even when they mess up my order its usually still good. The BOGO offer (all day every day eat in or take out)can work in your favor, and sometimes you're not saving anything. Fancy rolls? sure, definitely could use a half off. Generic/veg rolls? No thanks. Yeah, I'm getting half off my california roll but they charge $9 to begin with, double what other sushi joints charge, so not really a great steal.   I'm slowly venturing off their sushi menu. I really like their hot and sour soup, a lot. The stirfrys are alright. I've tried almost every appetizer and although I don't have a favorite, I also don't have a "never order again"... though the ginger dressing on the house salad is more often than not so bitter it ruins everything, so I usually skip that.   I'd like to go in and enjoy my meal more often, but even when there's only one other table I still can't get my server to pay attention to me, so I'd rather just skip the whole "service" part. And it's really nice they're open late on the weekends!
5, Safran's is a total gem. I grew up going to the beaver super in beaver PA, and I really love the small family owned grocery store model. Safran has top quality products, and their deli case is filled with delicious in-house foodstuffs. I never thought to make or eat turkey salad, but their turkey salad is one of the best things in Pittsburgh.   They clearly make an effort to get local products, they sell delicious grape leaves from Little Athens catering in Ambridge, Greek Gourmet hummus dips, and local Breadworks bread. They also carry the worlds greatest yogurt, Siggi's.   The cookies they make in-house are delicious, and same thing goes for the premade grab and go dinners, especially the stuffed peppers, but also the mac & cheese which is to die for-literally might give you a heart attack but it's worth it.   My family always goes to Safran's before going to a large big box store, it means a lot to support a local business-especially a local business that provides such an awesome service to their community.
4, Tonight I had an excellent meal at Bandera.The jalapeo queso dip appetizer was quite tasty.  My rotisserie chicken sandwich was the best chicken sandwich I've ever eaten. The chicken was tender, the cheese was melted yet still flavorful and the bun complemented the flavors as opposed to just being filler.  It was my first time visiting the restaurant and I was unaware that it was part of a chain. I think that speaks volumes about the establishment right there. I'm rating Bandera four stars instead of five because the prices were rather high for the size of the portions. That being said, the portions were what I would call "a good size" compared to say, Claim Jumper which has portions that are too large. Further, I think that Bandera could use a larger selection of beers and mixed drinks.   Bandera was packed, something that surprised me for a Thursday night, and while I was able to get a table for two almost immediately, the background din made it difficult to hold a conversation or even clearly hear the server. I enjoyed the darker candle and track-lighting lit atmosphere, but it might be a turn off for some.  I'm definitely going back to Bandera, but next time I'll be prepared and not wear a ball cap, as they aren't allowed in the dining room. ;-)
5, The wife and I were on vacation in Vegas for 5 days, we were getting tired of the same old casino food, and wanted a change. A friend recommended La Comida before we even left San Diego. I asked the wife if she would like to try the restaurant, and off we went. That was the best damn food choice we made, we went back two more times before we came back to SD. Jonny was our bartender, very friendly and attentive to our drink needs. Every drink we ordered was made and mixed to perfection, I was impressed, and that is not easily done since I am in the food and drink industry.  Now about the food, first time we ordered we played it safe, (we are a long way from home if you know what I mean) we had the carne asada salad and the carnitas tacos, lets just say "WOW!!!" the flavors were amazing and worked very well together' the meats were tender and moist and every bite was better then the last. about that time the manager (Rafael) came over to check on us, I said everything was awesome. he asked what we had and then suggested next time be more adventurous, and asked if next time we come in if he could order for us. I told him tomorrow he would have that opportunity. the next evening we were back, greeted by a very friendly hostess and Rafael, who asked if we like pork and chicken. We were seated in about 30 sec. drink orders taken, chips and salsa on the table. don't get me started on the chips... (3 bowls).  soon after that our food arrived, WTF??? I never got a menu, Rafael said he ordered for us. we had the Puerco Ahumado and Chicken Al Horno. This was truly Mexican food at it's best. I could not believe the flavors that these dishes had. Everything was above excellent, all the staff awesome, the chefs are amazing and talented. Thank you La Comida for being part of our awesome vacation. We will be back again and again.
4, When I first when to this place, I couldn't find it. I thought I went to the wrong street but I checked the address and my map location and apparently it was supposed to be in front of me. What I saw was Valens restaurant and wondered if the place had closed down without notice. Apparently it's the same place but called two different names?  Anyway, I wasted about 20 mins bc of the name discrepancy.  The service, food and atmosphere was great. Water is always being refilled, and food was brought to our table in a timely manner. Although it's a rather small place, a reservation should do the job--we had 20 people come for our reservation!  There's quite a selection to choose from. It's also vegetarian and vegan friendly. It was nice to hear them clarify whether the vegetarian dish was to be made vegan.  I liked the bread they served at the beginning. It was very soft and not chewy at all! For my main meal, I got the frutti de mare. For the price, the portion was fair. I love seafood, so I quite enjoyed the dish. Sometimes there's too much tomato taste at other places, but the seasoning and sauce was done wonderfully here.  Overall, the food is good. The place is hard to find, but it all worked out in the end. :p
4, Came here as a double date after a Jay's game. Our good friend had made a reservation as he knew we loved our meat. We were greeted and sat right away by the window which was nice. I have to start by saying our service all night was exceptional, our waiter explained everything on the menu to us, our drinks were never empty  and our server was extremely attentive. We started off with the charcuterie board, it was really nice, a good selection of meat and some killer mustard. We decided to share some apps, the burrata with asparagus and ramp pesto, the grilled octopus and the crispy pigs ears. The ears weren't my deal but the burrata was killer, so creamy and the pesto was delishhhh. Now for the main event...the bestellen burger.... I have dreams about this burger. Dear lawd it is killllerrrrr. One of the best burger I've ever had in my life, yup I said it and it's true. The sharp raclette cheese, the sweet caramelized onions on a freshly made (like 3 hours earlier according to the server) brioche bun. I can't even tell you what my husband or friends had because I was too busy eating. If you go to bestellen get the burger. We finished off with the panna cotta and something with chocolate. They both rocked. On the way out we were lucky enough to run into owner rob rossi (although I didn't know he was a famous food network star!). He was very nice and ensured we had a great time.  Overall great meal! Price could be an issue for some but for a special occasion bestellen measures up.
4, Finally made my visit to Tacos Huicho as my ongoing trek for the best tacos in Arizona continues. Read good reviews by fellow yelpers of this place. I believe they just renovated the dining area as I did not see the broken chairs, sticky tiles, nor limited seating that some yelpers experienced. I was introduced to laminate flooring, new chairs, and fresh smell of paint. Also the fact that they were repairing the bathrooms during business hours was quite frank as you can hear the workers drilling away (it was really loud, quick tip may want to compete repairs before or after business hours). Now to the tacos, they were above average at best as nothing spectacular about it: cabeza, pastor, longaniza, and tripa. There was no salsa bar described by others but bottles of there salsa itself. I gave it an extra star as the price cannot be beat, $1.10 for the three tacos for tacos Tuesday special and $1.50 for the tripa taco! I believe all tacos are $1.50 on a regular day. Total paid was $4.90 for four tacos, which is unheard of nowadays as most tacos shops charge at least $2 per taco. You get more variety here and bang for your buck. Though it won't hit my top 10 tacos shops here in AZ, it definitely lands within the Top 20. I shall come back again and try the rest of their listed tacos!
2, So lets begin with the fact that this review is due to the performance of a single employee at this location who ruined the entire experience.   a few friends and I came in to grab a quick and delicious meal at what has always been one of my favorite little places. got in just before the rush, which is always nice.  everything was fine until we reached the condiments section of the building process. the young lady has no sense of any kind of listening skills. My fiance asked for hot salsa, cheese and guacamole... instead he got lettuce... i don't know on what planet lettuce and guacamole sound the same but whatever, maybe its because they are the same color.... when we cried out "no!!!'" the young woman looked up at us, she rolled her eyes at me and said "what?" thats what you ordered." I looked at her and said, "no, he said guacamole." and the dialogue continued...  chipotle girl- "do you want me to take it off?" fiance -"yes please that would be great" CG- "there its off" (still a mountain of lettuce covering the majority of the burrito) fiance - "can you please get at least the big pieces off please? or could you maybe remake it?"  instead of removing the rest or just simply remaking the item she literally takes guacamole and covers the remaining lettuce and rolls the burrito closed.  CG - "its fine the way it is"  Last time i check its not your call as to if its "fine" or not. another girl standing on the line next to her made a face to me as if to say "oh my god i'm sorry she's crazy"  the problem associate then with a fierce attitude tossed the item into a basket and almost knocked it off of the counter.  I've literally NEVER has a worse experience from any other establishment. the manager on duty was busy so i chose not to bother her - the restaurant was beginning to fill and i didn't want to take away from anyone else's experience.  In closing I'm pretty sure mouthing off to a customer isn't in the chipotle employee handbook... our entire group was completely taken aback by the complete disregard for any kind of professionalism.   I know it seems silly but I was really upset by it.
2, This place could use some substantial improvement.  The first time I tried to go was over a year ago.  The waiter in front told me to go in the back...and the waiter in the back told me to go to the front.  It is very insulting when you're a single diner and you see through how much they don't want you there, so I left.  I gave this place a second chance today.  The seating was not very good.  I had the misfortune of seeing the waitress clean the Korean BBQ grill with me there and that was not an appetizing sight.  The seating area was also quite pathetic.  Because this place is linked with its next-door neighbour, the Chinese restaurant Made in China (they share staff, so they are probably owned by the same people), Korean Grill House's front seating area is tiny, cramped, and looks very unattractive, which detracts from the dining experience.  I ordered one of the lunch combinations, lamb chops with BBQ chicken, pork and beef.  The order took a little while to get there, but it was acceptable.  The food was a wildly erratic bunch.  The rice was great (fat grains, like in sushi), and the pork chops and chicken chunks were both seasoned perfectly.  The beef was half a step below, but still pretty good.  The problem was with the centerpiece of the dish.  The lamb didn't smell the greatest, and as anybody who's cooked lamb can tell you, there's skill in getting rid of the specific smell of the meat.  And Korean Grill House failed.  The lamb wasn't tender (which is surprising -- lamb is usually tender by nature), and the worst part is that it's very, very greasy.  This evening, a good seven or eight hours after eating the meal, I'm still tasting some residue stale lamb grease in my throat, and that's not a good thing.  I'd say, go to Made in China instead.  Cheaper food, faster service, better surroundings.
1, UPDATE...So...against my better judgement l decided to give this place another try. Big mistake! They are a complete rip off place, still trying to sell you things you don't need. I wanted to get new break pads and rotors because my steering wheel shakes a bit when I brake from a high rate of speed and my car has 72,000 miles so I figured it was a good idea. They told me $250 and they could do it today. Well, they take my car back and then they come out and tell me that I need new drums because mine are warped and shocks and struts, yada yada...Suddenly it's a $1,400 job. I just had it at the dealer for a recall and they said they did an inspection and didn't mention any of this so I decide to wait and get a second opinion. So, I ask them to write all this down for me...Suddenly, the shocks and struts are mileage recommended, not because they've noticed anything wrong with them and the drums are just ''slightly'' warped. I'll be curious to see what the dealer says. It is so disheartening not to have a reliable place to take my car that doesn't just want to rip me off.
1, I read the reviews for Agave and had high hopes. I first called on 10/28/14 to arrange for an estimate for yard cleanup at my house. Based on some of the other reviews, I knew it could take a while for a response. I waited 8 days without hearing anything so I called again on 11/5/14. Still no answer so I left a second voicemail. I did get a call  back from Geoff 10 minutes later where I was told to go to the website and to request a quote there since I would fill out a form with all of my information. I did that as soon as I got off the phone. I then received an email from him that night saying he needed my physical address. I had already put that in the form, but maybe there was an issue so I sent it to him via email an hour later. It is now 11/12/14 and I have heard absolutely nothing back AGAIN. I even checked my junk mail to make sure an email wasn't sent there by mistake, but of course, nothing.  I contacted another landscaper on Friday 11/7, they came out and did the quote today and they will complete the work next Monday. 10 days total from when I first contacted to when the work will be complete. It has been 15 days since I first contacted Agave and no one has even come out to give me a quote. Agave may do good work, but I wouldn't know since I couldn't even get them out to my house.
1, on 11/18 looks like the owner wrote a reply....what he said was a lie!!  If what he said was true then we would not have had to go to the Registrar of Contractors; who agreed the granite needed to be replaced due to the size of the grout lines, some were as large as 1/8" inch.  Nor would we still be unsatisfied after a 2nd counter tops was installed.   They replaced the kitchen counter top last week2/26/15. The seams were raised, bumpy and rough. We called Mary, the manager who is unable to make a decision without speaking to someone else, and said we wanted the seams smoothed and polished. She brought over a sample of what  we should expect from the seams. The sample was smooth as can be with hardly a  noticeable seam. They came out on the 3rd and smoother the seams, Why didn't they do this in the first place. But now there about  a 6" width running along  each  seam where the granite is duller than the rest of the counter top.  We called Mary again and she was very doubtful of our complaint. Of course she has to confer with someone else. We have not heard back from her today.   Why hasn't someone from their organization, who can make decisions, bothered to contact us. They could not even be bothered to show up for the meeting with the ROC.
1, This has been one me of my favorite places to eat sushi for a long time now.. the owner Andy is amazing and very friendly! However today I experienced something no one should have to ever go through. One of the server's ( small lady with glasses) was really rude and embarrassed me in front of my friends that I haven't seen in a real long time today. The situation started because I was taking the rice off of the sushi because Lord knows it was just to much rice on the sushi role.. lol Sorry( I had no idea ..I had to eat all the rice on an all you can eat menu lol! ) She came over to our table super aggressively and told us she was getting us our check with her hands in the air looking exacerbated..I became defensive and replied we are not finished eating and can you please prepare another sushi role. She replied back saying no.. and if I do I will grab you a half a role. I said why?.. she went back in the kitchen where our plates were.. brought it to the front of our table around my friends and other customers!   Saying(you didn't eat all of the rice on your plate!!!!) at this point I was just mortified!!! I replied by saying  if i violated your policy.. pull me aside or you explain that I will be charged more and I would have totally understood! I immediately went over to the chef and asked is this how you treat your customers. He quickly apologizes for her action! He came over to the table to defuse the situation and the bad experience from his employee. Please understand my rant.. This is one of my favorite places in the city to eat!! I tell all of my co-workers, friends, and family to go there. So to get treated like this was horrible! As we signed our checks I guess he sent her to tell us sorry.. but I refused to accept the apology because I knew it wasn't coming from a genuine place ( the boss told her to do it)  Andy no one should ever be treated like this in any of your restaurants... And if these are the people you are hiring, then it says alot about you!  You are the company you keep.
5, I had to come on here and review this establishment today. We used the groomer services they have available for our Great Pyrenees, 8 Ball. The great service started with the phone call when I reached Marley. I explained to her that my family of 5 had recently moved and we were having a pool built. The pool was supposed to take 5 weeks and wound up taking 10. Honestly more than that but that's another story...Anyway our dog was in the care of my father in law that entire time who promised he was brushing him 4-5 times a week and I'm sure he was! But he works full time and was likely only brushing the easy areas cuz the dog is BIG!   Anyway I told Marley upfront he'd be matted and she was kind and understanding on the phone. Lexie the groomer made him look like and a superstar again! We're so happy to have him home and clean and smelling wonderful!  We also appreciated that they understood that sometimes life happens and even though you love your dog it's hard when you have 3 kids, bought a new house and have a pool under construction.
4, During the weekend, please try to arrive before 11 AM to avoid long line ups, other than that their dim sum food items are recommended. The waiters/waitresses are kind, attentive and speak decent English. This place doesn't have the usual carts going around the restaurant looking for potential victims, I mean customers who would like food items in their cart. It is just filling in the paper order, handing it over to staff, and the agony of waiting and guessing of which food you ordered comes first. The food items we ordered were:  -Lo mai gai, steamed sticky rice wrapped in lotus leaf (sticky rice, chinese sausage, abalone sauce, and a quarter size egg yolk) -Shumai, steamed pork, and mushroom with shrimp on top (Use chilli oil for flavour and heat) -Jiaozi, pan fried version of dumplings (It's fried, and the dumpling wrap is a little on thick side which is common, it ain't wonton style) -Schezuan eggplant with fried pork rice vermicelli (You will like it because it's schezuan, but you can ask to make it more spicy) -Cha siu bao, steamed pork buns (2-3 bite size porky buns with pillow like texture) -Zhaliang, fried dough wrapped in rice noodle (again it's fried dough; comes with 3 sauces, soy sauce, sesame seed, hoisin sauce)  All of these food items above are recommended even for first time dim sum goer. A small tip, the stars that each food items in the order menu are based on price (higher is more expensive), not ratings or recommendations.
4, 3.5 stars   Kind of hard to access their parking lot if you're not familiar.   Came during lunch on a Friday, it seemed busy but not too busy. There's indoor and outdoor seating available. You order up front and your food is brought to your table. The line to order moved fairly quickly and we got our food in less than 10 minutes.   We ordered two lamb/beef gyro combos (side & drink) with feta fries ($.50 extra) for about $25. The gyros had lettuce, tomato, red onion, tzatziki sauce, and feta cheese... A LOT of feta cheese. The gyro meat was moist and had good flavor. It was also sliced thicker than I'm used to. The gyros also came with a couple of small pepperoncini peppers.  The feta fries were tasty; battered fries covered in feta and another white cheese (mozzarella?). They were pretty garlicky as well. I wasn't even able to put a dent in the pile of fries as the gyro had me stuffed.   The food was solid, but nothing absolutely amazing. That being said, I would come back if I was in the area or if a companion wanted to go.
4, Cafe Zupas is a fast-casual restaurant that is new to Nevada, its first location is now open in Henderson near the shopping center at Richmar and Eastern. A second is coming soon to Summerlin. Cafe Zupas has had great success in Utah and Arizona. They offer homemade soups, freshly made salads, paninis, and gourmet sandwiches. I was fortunate to receive an invite to a VIP party that allowed Frank and I to sample various menu items. All guests were warmly welcomed and encouraged to sample the Try 2 Combo, which comes with a whole sandwich, half soup and half salad for $7.99. The Kid's Meal Combo is $3.99.  Salads are made in front of you as you order, soups are made fresh daily in Cafe Zupas' kitchen, and sandwiches are fixed when you place your order. It is quite the assembly line. I chose the Tomato Basil soup with Orzo Pasta, topped with asiago cheese for .59, their signature salad Nuts About Berries and Turkey Spinach Artichoke Panini. Frank had the Yucatan Chicken Tortilla soup, the BBQ Chicken salad, and the the BBQ Pulled Pork sandwich. They got started on our orders right away, all components were added to our tray, we selected Brownies for dessert and our order came with Belgian Chocolate Covered Strawberries. By the time you pay your tab (ours was gratis on this visit), your order is complete and ready to be whisked away to a cozy table in the dining room.    We dug into the soups first, the Tortilla soup is fantastic and loaded with flavor. It was so tasty Frank devoured it before I could snap a photo. The Tomato Basil was good, but less of favorite. It's quite sweet and very heavy on basil flavor. I hear the Wild Mushroom Bisque is not to be missed so I'll try that one next time.  Next, we tried the salads, I had the better of two with Nuts About Berries. It was loaded with fresh berries and topped with cinnamon almonds and lightly dressed with poppyseed dressing. It' a bit sweet, but not cloying so it was enjoyable. The BBQ Chicken salad was loaded with tomatoes, black beans, corn, olives, red onion and dressed with buttermilk ranch. What it lacked was BBQ chicken. There are ten other salads to choose from one is sure to strike your fancy.  Unfortunately, the sandwiches were the weakest link. This is a shame because their Italian Ciabatta bread is really fresh and delicious. The BBQ Pulled Pork tasted more like honey mustard that BBQ. It wasn't a very hearty sandwich. Sadly, the turkey wasn't very good. It tasted like prepackaged deli meat. I prefer freshly sliced deli meats. I expected actual artichokes on the sandwich, but it was a spread. That was my mistake, the menu clearly states a three cheese artichoke spread. I overlooked it. Truly, the bread is so good, I'd try the gourmet sandwiches again. I'm interested in the Asian BBQ Pork and the Vegetarian.  Dessert ended the meal on a pleasant note. I love Belgian Chocolate Dipped Strawberries so those alone wooed me, but the brownies were quite good and oh, so decadent. Gooey caramel and candy topped one and the other was more of a bar with coconut, nuts, chocolate and other goodness.   The staff was incredibly friendly, they gave out dozens of prizes including water bottles and giftcards. Discounts and prizes will also be given out during their Grand Opening celebration on May 18. There are few places where a complete meal can be had for less than ten bucks, but it can be done at Cafe Zupas.
2, A friend decided to try Heist for a brunch get together. I was not familiar with their brunch set up and imagined a typical brunch menu. We were told we could eat at the buffet and order one entrée from their brunch menu. It wasn't until I started reading the reviews on Yelp that I even knew they had an omelet and waffle station... Our waitress seemed to have a slight attitude ... she didn't notify us, well at least my section of the table (there were around 12 of us )  of additional stations. When our table asked for clarification of entrees  on the menu she had even more of an attitude. I can't find the brunch menu online so I will do my best to describe my entree. It was a layer of French fires, a short rib, egg and then white bbq sauce layered in a bowl. It wasn't clear that this would all come in one bowl and essentially mixed together so when I read the description of the fried egg I asked to have it scrambled. The waitress then told me she can't guarantee that they can scrambled it ... to which I asked her if she could go ask .. instead of telling me she can't guarantee it.  My friends ordered Mimosa's and felt as if they weren't coming frequently enough for the price. Another friend ordered an entrée without pork and then even asked the server when he dropped it off if it had pork twice and he said no ... the dish had pork in it. Another friend waited almost 30 mins to receive her food. That was her last straw with the service we received so we asked to speak to manager. Everybody in our party which included around 12 people received half off our bill. Now granted we were a large party and some people came in almost 30 mins after our original start time , I think that the service could have been better. I'm glad that the manager rectified the situation , but I don't know if I would go back from brunch.   On a positive note the buffet was pretty good but it would have been nice to know that I could have gotten an omelet and waffle. I would like to try their lunch menu that looks way more appetizing than what I had for brunch.
4, A call from tenants led me to research on YouTube on how to fix clogged kitchen sinks. Got my materials and started working on the pipes - trying to undo the p-trap joint.  First of all - if it's not plastic its metal. If it's metal - it's super difficult to just unscrew even with a wrench or plier.  While doing so I noticed a leak from the sink drainer at the top. Now what I thought was a simple p-trap replacement to resolve a potential clog issue seemed like a much bigger job!  So researched on Yelp and found E.H. Plumbing. Awesome reviews about service, response and pricing. Gave them a call and was immediately answered by Eric - mind you this is 10am on Friday morning. He gave me a lowdown on price to head over to the condo ~ $125 and then explained what I could be facing when it comes to fixing leaks and clogs for a kitchen sink.  He got there in couple of hours as promised and inspected the pipes. Discussed it and by then I was determined to replace the metallic pipes with industry accepted plastic PVC. While he wasn't convinced that clog was due to pipes he did suggest replacement into plastic. So got his tools and eventually got all the pipes out. No way I could have accomplished that but he handled it very professionally and gave pointers along the way.  Once the problem was identified to not be the pipes he attempted to snake the copper pipe running into the building. Source of issue was rusting of pipes in between the building. Anyway cleared the runs and put in the new pipes and now sink was clog free and draining as it should. Eric left right after the work and the total cost was about $200.  During the midst of this the neighbors kitchen got flooded. Apparently the building had used a single line for two kitchens. So essentially my condo line met at a T-junction with the neighbors line and then we shared a single line after.  Now here's where the 4 stars came into play for the review. Situation is while clog issue has been fixed with new pipes - can't really turn on sink without flooding neighbors floors. So called Eric and told him about the issue. Now he was great to have returned back to the condo after his other appointment but that's only because his other job was successful. Initially he forecasted waiting till Monday. That's a long time! Job is unfinished and I had already paid him!!  Not sure if he would have come by as he did if his other appointment took longer than expected. That I felt was a slight snag in accountability.   However - once he came by - isolated the issue and replaced the neighbors pipes under the sink that blew out for free!   Overall great experience with Eric and E.H. Plumbing.  Will definitely use him again! Thank you Eric!
1, Nothing special here. Being from New England I expect a hot dog joint to carry a large variety of dogs and buns. This place was just like any other. Here are my disappointments.  1. No New England style buns. They didn't even know what they are and the cook looked at me funny. To me this is insane, the bun is the second most important part next to the type of hot dog. A cheap potato bun doesn't cut it.  2. I asked for my bun to be buttered and toasted, again they were unable to do this and looked at me funny again.  3. I wanted my dog boiled and charred, again they don't do this. I am okay with boiled dogs and would have gone that route but they didn't even offer them boiled! Head scratcher on that one.  4. The only natural casing dog they carried came as a foot long. I did order this and it was good. I wish they carried natural casing dogs in regular size as I was not too happy with the price of having to order a foot long.  5. Service was slow, not friendly and they seemed rather irritated I asked question. Also ordering was confusing with all the people behind the counter you would think someone would want to take my order. They must not be that hungry for money.  On one positive I did enjoy the onion rings. They kind of reminded me of the ones served at Wahlburgers in Hingham Ma.  Any case, if you are from New England be prepared to be disappointed. I had high hopes seeing this was a franchise from New York, but then again New York is not part of New England.  Late,
5, Stayed for five nights. The staff at this hotel really knows what customer service is all about!  This review may be longer than most of my reviews but I really need everyone to understand how much the staff anticipated our needs/desires. Lets start with the front desk. I came in early the first day. I do mean early, there breakfast was still going. All I really needed was the shuttle to pick up my rental car, no problem. Told me what time to be in the lobby for the next shuttle, which was less than 20 minutes. So I just waited in the lobby. While I'm sitting there they called me to the desk and handed me my room keys! I'm like are you for real, but sure, that's great.  I went to pick up my rental car then came back to take things up to my room. These rooms are very spacious. I was thrilled with a microwave and refrigerator as well. Ice machines available on each floor by the elevator. Just how convenient can it get. Housekeeping is next. Wow, once again. The first morning we left a note for them to leave a couple of extra coffees. When we returned that night lets just say they made sure we had more than enough, regular and decaf. Everyday it was at least noon or later before we headed out for the day, and our room was still cleaned everyday. The last day, we stayed in the room till 2pm before we left and we returned around 6pm. To our surprise the room had not been refreshed, but we understood and didn't really need anything but coffee. Then a few minutes later housekeeping came by and all was perfect. All this without having to ask for anything. Our last day, they where able to let us stay as long as we needed, since they still had availability that night. They just asked us to let them know when we where done. The breakfast is pretty standard at Hampton inn. They always have some sort of egg and protein as well as waffles, cereals and pastries. I do wish that the Hampton chain would do something about the egg/protien selection.  Very limited and the eggs seem to always we way overcooked with very little flavor. This is a problem with the chain, and not this particulair hotel.    My only complaint is about families with children. I love kids but please make them throw there candy wrappers away. Everyday the pool was littered with candy wrappers, and I know the hotel was cleaning the pool area. Sometimes we have to do our part.  I see several comments on people making comments about the airport right next door.  Yes, if you are a light sleeper then the planes may just keep you awake, but I believe you would have to be a light sleeper.  If youve ever stayed at a hotel near LAX, then this is nothing compared to them.   I will be back to Vegas and I will stay here again. Thank you for the opportunity for me to relax!
4, Yes, finally a Sushi Restaurant north of 64th Avenue north.  They are located across from Rona in Creekside this brand new location is just what the surrounding communities needed in the Sushi department.  We have been driving all the way down to Kensington in the past three years to get our Sushi fix so this addition to our local dining is very welcome.  My wife and I dined there with our two year old and it was a very pleasant experience.  The ambience is nice and includes a few classic Japanese style booths along with your regular booths and tables.  We ordered the Bento Box's and they were tasty and fresh.  The salad included the traditional ginger dressing, the miso had substance, the saki sushi (salmon) was fresh.  The ginger pork could have used some crispness and the gyoza was more pastry-like than is commonly served, but overall the food quality and flavour was excellent.  The service was also attentive and friendly including being very accomodating to our two year old with additional avacodo slices.  He enjoyed sitting in the Japanese booth and bopping to the background music.  We went around 1:30pm on a Saturday afternoon and replaced another family and saw one other take out order, so please add to their clientelle and visit Taiyo to keep good Sushi alive in north Calgary.
4, Went in to get a simple nostril piercing. According to their website (Under Piercing - Process) they will sterilize your jewlery for you and pierce at a discounted price. Being that I am on a budget and have a sensitivity to nickel, I brought in my own titanium nostril screw because I've had a previous Stainless Steel piercing bubble, pop and bleed profusely and I had to take it out, whereas Titanium has been safe for me in the past. However upon arrival I was met with confusion about my inquiry and told that they only use their own jewlery, and that being pierced with their own titanium jewlery costs $95.00. I opted for Stainless Steel again because the girl (did not catch name, sorry!) assured me it was nickel free and that reactions are unusual. So, I hope the previous reaction to the nose ring was my fault somehow. I am honestly not trying to spend $95.00 on anything! I'm not balling like that.  My piercer was Nic and my experience was fine. He was polite and everything looked tidy. After piercing I was given some aftercare instructions and a small bag of salt.  It cost $65 to have a nostril pierced here, and I do find that pricey. I went elsewhere to have a nostril done last year and it was half the price. However, I'm not sure how piercing places determine their prices. Being to three different places to attempt the nostril piercing so far, there have not been any differences in friendliness or the apparent cleanliness of the place, while each place is double the price of the next. So I wouldn't discourage people from using this location based on the cost.  Overall my experience was satisfactory and my only complaint would be that the website does not reflect the practices of the business.
3, Stayed her Friday August 25-Sunday August 27 for fight weekend and our wedding anniversary. The hotel itself is very nice and luxurious. Check in took a long time however as our room wasn't ready until almost 4pm but they gave us a free drink voucher for the bar while we waited so that was good. We were on the 44th floor with an awesome view of the strip. The room was very nice and clean. Only downside were the jets in our hot tub were broken and when we reported it to the owner it didn't get fixed. The pool, spa and bar were all very nice and fit our needs. The hotel is close to restaurants and shopping which was also a plus. Overall my stay at trump tower was a good experience. The only reason I gave 3 stars was the fact that they held $100 a day for deposit and when I checked out the man at the front desk said it would be released immediately. Well it's Monday and no $200 yet, and when I called to inquire they told me those funds will not released for 3-5 days. So now I'm left with $60 in my account until Wednesday or Friday at the latest. This is the deal breaker for me booking here again.
4, I've had my eye on Samosa Factory for some time, but finally got around to trying it last night when our first choice for dinner was closed for the holiday.   We entered the small dining area and were greeted by the incredibly friendly server. We told him we wanted to order our food to-go and he still offered us two glasses of water and a starter to nibble on while we perused the menu. We settled on the Lamb Vindaloo and the Chicken Tikka Masala. We also ordered some garlic naan. Our server was incredibly personable and offered us refills on our water while we waited as well as made some idle chit chat with us.   Once our food arrived, we paid our bill and off we went with our food. The server also offered us a to-go menu for our return visit. Great customer service!  My fella and I dug into our meal as soon as we got home. The spice level was just right. We ordered the medium spice level to be on the safe side on our first visit. The garlic naan was delicious and I really enjoyed the rice. The flavors were right on and I look forward to a return visit to hopefully eat in the restaurant and try some of their samosas. The food is not cheap, but I didn't feel it was overly expensive for the quantity and quality of food we got.  Definitely a great Indian option in a town that is lacking.
1, Do not rent here ever- I lived here for about 13 months. The front gates do not close. ever--- they will tell you they close at dusk and open at sunrise, but they only actually worked for about 1 month of the time i lived here. When you ask them about this they state that they are having trouble with them, and have had 3 different companies come out to see them.. The walking gates are never closed either, and even if they do, the front fence  by the mail room and fountain is rusted, so you could get thru it if you were a smaller person      There are homeless people that come in and rummage thru the garbages , when chandler, one of the office staff was asked about this she told me to call glendale pd next time..    Speaking of glendale pd they are there on a montly basis, and  when this is brought to the attention of the office staff ,to see if me as a single woman getting home at 1 or 2 am needs to be worried about anything, they never have any explanation,aside from the fact that yes there has been some dificulty with one of the residents..       The mainatance ppl are extremely adept at smoking and driving golf carts, tho they seem to do little else...I have seem more control panels on the buildings open then i can count, the pool gates  dont always open from the inside, you need a key on the outside lock to get out from the inside, there is more light bulbs in the ouside lighting out then that actually works, and that is for the light fixtures that are still standing-- there was on that got knocked down on july 4 weekend and was still lying on the ground when i moved out on the last weekend of august.  oh and some of the other things ive found while walking my dogs on the property is used needles lying by the gym, swarms of bees, a million ferral cats...      Which brings me to the office staff.God help you if you have a problem because the 3 of them couldnt find their way out of a paper bag-- Chandler cant remember anything form one day to the next, you can have packages that get delivered , but the staff cant seem to find them because they label them with the wrong apartment number....  They will call and tell you that the people around you complained that you were noisy and they dont know if you were having a party or not,but you need to be more considerate of your neighbors--A direct quote from chandler, and when you contact her to tell her that there must be a mistake because you work until 1 am, and werent even home that night, she has no idea what you are talking about... when i gave my notice I was given a move final price by chandler,  then a day later i was called by another office staff who gave me another number for my final rent. When i questioned this she got huffy with me and stated that she was the book keeper and did i want her to go over the books with her.. When i state no, i just wanted to know how i got 2 different numbers in 2 days,especially after a call to verify that i was moving out and when because apparently chandler got confused at to what i wanted and the dates of these things, even thought they have a form you fill out...that i handed to chandler...when i paid my last rent for 3 days of september i was given a third price,which happened to be the least expensive.  If you havent guessed i cannot say enough negative things about this place-- it was a means to an end for me, but i wouldnt let anyone rent here ever                  The maintanence people seem to be very adept at smoking and driving golf carts around, but i rarely see them do any work--I had a upper unit that had a ac that leaked onto my floor between my kitchen and bathroom,.when i asked them about this last year when i moved in i was told that this is normal for arizona,   when it happend again this year i called and spoke with chandler again, who also told me that it is completely normal for arizona.. when i explained to her that i have lived in az for 12 years and never had this occur anywhere but here she told me that it is their units specifically, and normal. When asked if they would cover cost for the mold that occured form the leaking and heat she told me no...
4, My review is not going to help you solve the great bagel debates of 1) St. Viteur v. Fairmount, or 2) Montreal bagels v. NYC style. What I can offer is a whole-hearted endorsement of all things made of carbohydrates.   Montreal bagels are delicious. Anyone who tells you otherwise is a moron, or a liar. They are sweeter than the NYC style, and a lot less doughy. I find that less dough- equals a better carb to cream cheese ratio.   Fairmount bagels are wonderful. You will have to wait in line for them- but they are worth it. I ordered a to-go bag of 12. There are a lot of flavors to choose from including: All-dressed, Garlic, sesame, chocolate, cinnamon-raisin, "a sweet bagel" (whatever that is), poppy seed, plain, etc. My favorite was the garlic bagel, second places goes to all-dressed.   Fairmount does not have a toaster- so you'll have to eat your bagels "raw" or bring them home and prepare them. Fairmount sells cream cheese - in a few different varieties, and can direct you to a good lox shop down the street. They also sell day-old bagels at a discount, already helpfully arranged in bags, to the side of the counter.  Bagel-sellers speak English. They are excellent at handling complex orders and are efficient at gathering all of your beloved demands.   Open 24 hours a day. It's a good place to shop for vacation "presents" for your jealous friends and family.   Last word of advice: Fairmount bagels keep well in the freezer. If you freeze you bagels- you just need to zap them for approximately 30 seconds- and as if they are fresh again.
1, It was my first time being at the cheesecake factory, and we went for my Sister's birthday, and we had a party of 8. (5/27).  So...it all started with the simplicity of drinks. My husband and I got there to reserve the table for our party. Jennifer came, asked us what we wanted, and she walked back and forth in the opposite direction of where the soda machine was at. Another nice gentlemen came to make sure that we were already taken care of, and thinking back we should've switched waiters while we had the chance. Any who, our drinks our finally brought, and we still havent gotten our bread and butter (as promised by Jennifer). So there goes another 15 minutes to get us the bread. My family gets here, and we are all deciding what to eat. Mind you, ive never been there so im having trouble trying to choose an entree. I ask Jennifer what she recommends and she said "im classy so i like so and so plate"...like what? Am i too ghetto for you, Jennifer?  so, i order this chipotle pasta thing and when i got it, it was alright. I ate it because i was really hungry but it wasnt the best thing. My niece is telling this waitress that it's my sister's birthday, us expecting for them to sing to her you know, because it's tradition. Nope, Jennifer just looked at her like she was crazy and walked away, didnt even say happy birthday at the most. Fast forwarding to the check, obviously we are all split. So, i personally got the check and split it into number groups. Group 1 was me and my husband, 2 was my sister and her family, so on and so forth. She sees me doing this, and says "oh awesome thanks for splitting it for me!" She comes back and says "so i know you tried helping me but i found an easier way". Like ok, whatever works for you, Jennifer. She gives us back our checks and they're all messed up............but she found an easier way right? . She claimed that the system was messing up but the table to our right was clearing up and had new families sitting there to have dinner. Bad bad bad. Don't recommend Jennifer at all.
4, Blah, blah, Balzac's coffee is divine, it's life-changing, it's the ejaculate of the Gods, I've heard it all. This place could serve liquid hate in a cup, and frankly, I'd still pay good money just to sit here. As cafés go, this space is stunning and Torontonians should be proud to have access to so charming and unique a spot Balzac's. This Distillery coffeeshop is some 50 feet high with gargantuan windows and a large green door that's BFG friendly. Walking in will draw your eyes up; it's an overwhelming space.  Their mezzanine is fabulous and I would probably push someone over a ledge for a seat. Their delightful whitewashed walls often feature charming local art. There is a patio out front (which unfortunately faces an abominable sculpture), which is pretty busy in the summer. There's no wifi, so it's not a place to work, but an enjoyable place to chill.  And having said all that, I'll add: their coffee really is pretty good.  Obligatory Title Pun: (Too easy.)  Menu Readability: I definitely do not like the typeface on the board here.  Need to mention: Upstairs there is a mysterious and out-of-place glass door labelled "bureau."   What this place teaches me about myself: I have restraint: a Balzac's pun could have been one of the crown jewels of my pun career.
2, I've been very pleased with my experience at this store. I haven't had a bad sharpening here, and the goalie guru (Kevin?*) has been fantastic. I went in once to try on leg pads, and even though I told him that I absolutely wasn't going to be buying anything that day, he spent a good 30 minutes with me. Other employees have also been very helpful with one exception.  The exception: on two separate occasions the same employee has given me inaccurate information. Both times I was looking at some dirt cheap entry level catching gloves. Both times this guy has come up and told me that it's an incredible deal on top of the line gear.   Now if you know anything about goalie gear, you know that there's a HUGE difference between a $150 entry level glove on a clearance rack and a $450 top of the line glove. I don't know if he was intentionally BSing or just clueless.   I'd be really angry if I bought a piece of crap thinking it was a steal because a salesman lied or made things up.  (*Edit: His name is Justin, and he's incredibly helpful! Sorry, Justin.)  ______________________________________________________________________________  Edit: I'm knocking off two stars. I had two experiences at this store in the last few months that I was living in Madison that really soured me on the place.   1) I had them install a new pair of cowlings on my skates and they did a lousy job. There were two issues: 1) One of the cowlings was clearly pinched too tight. When I pointed this out, they referred to the fact that it was under warranty instead of trying to make it right. 2) A rivet in the other skate wasn't installed correctly. It sticks up a good quarter of an inch. This was a really, really obvious problem, and I'm deeply annoyed that they didn't get it right.  2) I purchased a very pricy pair of knee guards. One of them burst a seam just a few months after I bought it, but fortunately it was under warranty from the company. I brought this to their attention and waited for a replacement. And waited. And waited. Months went by and nothing was happening. The manager assured me that they would get me a replacement as soon as possible. I assumed that the manufacturer was completely out of stock and that they were making their best efforts to secure the replacement. They weren't. I ended up moving to Pennsylvania and going into another Hockey Giant where I saw those exact same knee guards on display. Ultimately, the Madison store was able to transfer my credit, so I finally got the replacements that I'd waited so long for. It really pissed me off, though, that these knee guards existed in their system and that they didn't figure out a way to get me some in a timely manner.
3, Laura was very helpful every time I called to try and schedule an appointment, due to my busy and inconsistent schedule, I had to call a few times. At last, she was able to book a next day couples massage when that's all my schedule could fit in. Once we got there, the woman at the counter was very nice and guided the way. The lounges (at  least the women's) were nice, clean, and cozy with lockers, showers, hair supplies, and a sauna; though, the magazines could have been better placed so you don't have to bend over and risk exposing breast or genitals to obtain one while sitting and waiting for the therapist. When we got to the room, the ambiance was relaxing and what you would expect for a massage. My boyfriend and I both agree, the massages were great, and much better than a different resort spa we had gone to that I won't mention. That being said, one of the therapists's stomach was gurgling throughout the whole hour; I could even hear it on my end even though it was my boyfriend's therapist. He stated it got to the point where he would try to predict when it would happen again; because, at the end of the gastric rhapsody, a large belch would erupt. This occurred 4-5 times. Nice woman, nice massage, but we were left wondering if she had forgotten to take her GERD medication that morning or if we were both at risk for getting gastro. In addition, my therapist was coughing throughout the massage. There was no nose sniffling, which reassured me it was likely allergies or a post-infectious cough that lingered. Since we are both pretty low-key, we just laughed about it and joked how we may have created a super bug being in a small room complete with upper respiratory and gastrointestinal symptoms (though I'm sure many others would be perturbed). The only real thing that perturbed me is when I went to pay for the massage afterwards. The bill was right, but I received a thank you card for "Matthew & Sandy." That would be fine, except for my name isn't Sandy. I had just spent a couple hundred dollars, if you want to go to the effort of giving a card, at least get the name right. I would have preferred not getting one at all. It's pretty impersonal to have your boyfriend's name with another woman's name on a card after I just paid for it (the reservation name was right, however, and so was the credit card name). Afterwards, we went and relaxed by the pool which was nice. But keep in mind you might have to get food and drinks from the indoor bar because by the time we arrived, they were already doing last call at the pool side bar. P.S. I purposefully left out employee names (except for Laura, since she was so kind), but do have them as references if need be.   tl;dr good massage with some nuances. Likely will not be back due to nuances described above.
2, Hate to say that I was not really impressed.  On the outside of the restaurant is a big sign that says "FUSION FOOD".  The place was also described as a typical Japanese cafe.  Have been to Japan three times and there is nothing that indicates a typical cafe except for a tiny place in Osaka that had curry and 5 other things on the menu.    I would recommend removing that banner.  The food is not fusion and it detracts from what you are really trying to do.  The service here is decent, but I'm still struggling with the typical cafe thing.  The menu is a mix of some Izakaya style dishes...Japanese curry and the Japanese version of Hanbaga, with a Korean pork and kim chee highlighted by some desserts that you might see in a cafe/coffee shop.  I still have had much better parfaits and desserts.    Heard the chef/owner is from Sushi Roku and I wish him the best.  Focus on the food and forget the fusion.  The Japanese Hamburger and the Curry is a great start for the concept.  The creative desserts can be another aspect, but go the extra mile and do something more.  I get the impression of settling on a little of this and that.  I would probably go back once or twice a year unless the food improves.  Get rid of the metal chopsticks as well.  Wooden is preferable in a Japanese establishment.  Consider share plates or chopstick holders as well so your customers have a place to put them rather than directly on the table.
5, I had paid cash with a trade-in for a 2016 Chevrolet Corvette. This was the second oil change that I had scheduled. The scheduling was very easy, and I had asked that there be some extra time allotted as the digital display behind the odometer was not changing and I needed help with that. When I arrived, I was sent to the Customer Service and Bert Neal was the Consultant assigned to help me. First off, he told me that he couldn't have the digital display checked as there was not enough time allocated for it... this was after he couldn't figure out who was supposed to be assigned to help me, and it turned out to be him. I told him when I made the appointment 2 weeks earlier, I knew I would be back in Las Vegas and needed that looked at so I had asked for the time to be allotted when I made the appointment. He kept telling me he didn't know what I was talking about and so forth. Anyway, he said he'd look at the car and check it out after the oil change. He didn't have the faintest clue about the car or what I needed looked at and so his time spent there was a complete waste. Also, the oil change was done in about 10 minutes, but the car was brought back to me unwashed and not vacuumed out. I would have thought for a new car, there might be some perk when you're getting your recommended service, like at the Lexus dealership. There was none. Bert then got in the car and proceeded to tell me that the S, T, TR, W, E button was working and I informed him that wasn't even what I was talking about. He had zero clue. He finally took it to Concierge service where the nice young woman immediately showed me how to change the digital display. The last thing I asked was about the center console where your arm rests as the leather started to wrinkle after 6 months. I had asked about it and Bert immediately said it was my fault for using lotion and putting my arm on the arm rest and it wasn't under warranty. He said I could talk to the manager but that it wouldn't be covered. He did tell me I could take the car to St. George, UT, where I now live, but have never had the car for any service and see if they might cover it. I was like, 'why would a dealership, who didn't sell me the car, cover anything and why won't you take care of it here?' Honestly, I was so incredibly disappointed with Bert Neal. I spent 65K on a car that the salesman worked hard to ensure my sale went through well and then some lazy guy who is a sales consultant, could ruin the entire reputation of the Henderson dealership. I had to finally ask Bert if he was going to go get Roger, the Manager, or do I have too? He went to get Roger, and I can tell you, Bert wasn't happy about having to go get me any help. I'm thinking, I've spent a ton of money, I'm a good customer, why do I have to deal with some jerk who was talking condescending to me and treating me like I was an idiot, when he was the one who didn't have a clue what was going on? Roger came out and spoke with me. He was extremely pleasant and wanted to get things fixed. He did not agree with Bert on the lotion issue and informed me how to better take care of that issue. I will say that if I have to have service at the Henderson dealership, I will ask to NOT have Bert Neal work with me. His attitude toward having to look something up or move away from his desk was like I was a big inconvenience. It really does hurt your customer satisfaction to have an employee like that. Also, I would suggest that at the very least, a light vacuum be done of the cars which are in for service that is under warranty, like the Lexus dealership does. I do love the Corvette, but the service behind it has been minimal. Thank you. I feel bad giving a '1' star, but Bert was one of the worst customer service people I've ever dealt with. Roger and the girl from the Concierge were amazing so the '1' star is for the Sales Consultant Bert Neal. Otherwise, I would give the service for the oil change a 3 and Concierge and Management a 5 star.  An update to this review done on 8-28-2017:  I was able to get the car in for the part and Roger in Management helped with that process.  He was great to work with.  Steve was the new Sales Consultant I worked with and was amazing also. They got the car in, fixed and got me on my way quickly.  Thank you to the great people in management and scheduling, who helped to get this issue resolved for me.  I appreciate it so much.
1, How unfortunate.   I recently moved into the neighborhood and was pretty stoked that there were several food establishments on Coventry. A few weeks ago I had finished up at the gym that left me with a handsome appetite and ordered carry-out from Hunan Convetry - first and last time.    I ordered crab rangoons, shrimp with honey walnut, Kung Pao beef, and pork chow fun ... (I was a little *hungry* :-P). It was a carry out order, and they were promptly ready for pick-up. I got back home super excited and immediately inhaled the rangoons; you can't really screw those up: it's fried wontons with cream cheese and sweet chili sauce.   I don't think my palate is salt-biased, but this was the first time (in a long time) that I ADDED salt, among other things, to my shrimp and pork entrees. Chow fun ranks pretty high on my list of comfort foods - the broad doughy noodles full of flavor I expected were nothing more than tasteless oil-laden folds of pasta. I have my food issues, always cleaning my plate, always keeping leftovers, and never wasting (there are too many hungry people out there for me to be cavalier). Well, these two entrees ended up in the trash (did I mention I was STARVING when I ordered?). As for the beef, I tried my best to salvage my $$$ by re-purposing it the next day.  I would have done better picking up a frozen entree by Ina Garten or Trader Joe's.
5, My wife and I came in to Tonys Auto Repair for our first time, for our two cars. It was  very nice experience. We met Tony that seemed very professional, he came right out and introduced himself to us. We thought that was very impressive! Not to many owners do that. The person that greeted you behind the counter, is Tonys daughter Jennifer that is very knowledgeable with cars. She took both cars out for a test drive. She is also very professional with customer service! She had both of cars checked out, one for maintenance and oil change. And the other one checked for noise from the brakes when backing up. Jennifer told me that both cars needed brake repairs. One of our cars needed brakes badly. Jennifer had both cars repaired for us, Tony gave us a ride home while we waited for our cars be done. Their repairs were very reasonable. That was our first time at Tony's and we were impressed with Tony's and we will be back! We have found a new place to bring our cars! Bring your car to Tony's, you will enjoy the service you will receive! We did!
4, After kayaking... all you want is water, food, and rest. With that kind of desperation, it's not a tough order to fill. Right down the street from the North Shore rental place, BZ's was our answer.   We were a group of 13 on a Saturday off-rush hour afternoon, so we pretty much had the place to ourselves. They let us push the tables together into one long one with the wall seats.   [ Service ] Pretty friendly, but struggled with the size of our group. Food took around an hour to come out for all of us. There were some switch-ups, where someone got the wrong drink (which cost $2 more, and she was charged for it) and another person got the wrong entree (but we got the wrong one for free). I also asked about a Yelp check-in deal to get a free dessert with my meal, but the server never got back to me after asking his manager.   [ Food ] This is where BZ's does really well! I had the turducken burger, and it was tender, juicy, and well-seasoned. There were plenty of fries that came with it, and they were also tasty and crisp. Someone next to me got a beautiful salad with blackberries, and I think everyone loved their food.   If you're willing to wait, you'll get pretty good  food. I think the service would be suitable for two people, but 13 was definitely our unlucky number.
5, Ok, If you are in Las Vegas, please make it a priority to visit Mesa Grill! I am SO happy I decided to come here. Pro tip: MAKE A RESERVATION. At least a few days in advance, too. The place is jumping, and without a reservation you probably won't get a table. Anyway...My boyfriend and I had the cactus pear margaritas (They don't have them on the menu, but ask your server about the specialty margs and this will be one of them). They were amaaaaazing!!!! For starters, I got the baby Romaine salad, which was so so so good. I loved the parmesan crouton type things so much that my server surprised me with an entire plate of them!!! is it healthy to eat an entire plate of fried cheese? Probably not....but who cares because it f*cking ROCKED!!! Then, I got the ancho chile honey glazed salmon, and my boyfriend had the seared tuna. Both were outstanding, perfectly cooked (nothing worse than well done salmon), and beautifully plated! Unfortunately had no room for dessert, but it's my mission to get some the next time i'm in town! Which, might possibly be for this restaurant alone..
4, Bottom line:  Go. Now.  Absolutely don't miss the guacamole starter and the carne asada taco platter.    We noticed Sonora when we were mapping restaurants nearby the La Quinta where we came for Colorado Rockies Spring Training games.  Growing up in Texas and having owned and run 3 small restaurants of my own, I am admittedly a tough grader.  Carne Asada taco combo is five stars ($7.49), served with fresh white corn soft tortillas, nice homemade ranch beans and tasty rice.  Outstanding!  Tasty!  The barbacoa was tender with good seasonings but a little salty for my taste, so it gets 3 stars.  I prefer to add salt at the table, not the kitchen.  The $6.25 appetizer of "guacamole" knocked our lights out!!  The avocados were complemented with a sprinkle of fresh cilantro and a dollop of pico de gallo.  Perfect!  With most restaurants, that is all you would get.  Not here.  A second small bowl included has a medium heat green tomatillo salsa.  Nice flavor to open and a pleasant warmth sneaks up on you to finish. The third bowl included with our "order of guacamole" was the real sleeper...these are green chiles like the Hatch peppers we get in Colorado.  Roasted over a smoky wood fire to infuse a marvelous richness to the chile-generous portion.  Again, not too picante, you can add heat with a tabletop hot sauce.  Too many places use heat to cover up lack of skill in the kitchen.  This is real family cooking.  Our waitress Carla, the owner Celina and her son Marcos all work together in the kitchen and the personal touch is reflected in the flavors on the table.  Because it is family run, they close on Sunday so we were not able to return for the fish and shrimp tacos.  We washed it down with cold and sweet homemade Horchata, redolent with cinnamon and very refreshing.  Full and happy, we could not leave without sampling the ice cream in the front case.  Our table enjoyed rich, creamy ice cream sundaes covered with mango or strawberries.  In Texas, the "hole in the wall" is what we all look for and share with our friends.  Nice to find one in Arizona.  If we come to Spring Training next year, we will definitely be back and send friends.
5, Took my man for his 33rd birthday dinner and this place did not disappoint. I made a last min reservation by phone 4 hrs before going but only because it was a Monday night and we didn't expect it to be too busy. The place closed at 10pm that night and I was able to get a reservation for 2 at 9:30pm, the hostess had mentioned that they were actually busy for a Monday night. The moment you step foot into the restaurant the light is a lot dimmer, and to the right is the restaurant Bar top with about 8-10 stools and to the left the hostess stand. The restaurant decor was fancy with lots of paintings on the walls and pretty blue ceiling to floor curtains that are pinned to the walls. Once we were seated the waiter came to the table with menus and gave us a few recommendations. My bf ordered the bone in ribeye and I ordered filet mignon, they were absolutely delicious! Cooked perfectly on the outside but yet juicy and tender on the inside. Neither were overly seasoned! For our sides we ordered the Mac and cheese, gooey and creamy and has to be one of the best I've had, and the creamed spinach. The creamed spinach wasn't amazing, was a little bland but ok since it was a healthier choice. They do start you off with sourdough and raisin bread with butter in the beginning and both were delicious! We each got a cocktail, one steak each and two sides to share and the bill came out to 220.00 without tip. It was well worth it and more importantly, worth it to see my boyfriend satisfied. We would definitely come here again!
5, I do not know how to put pictures in the review so check my profile to see how AMAZING  Wedgewood is.  Now, if you can stick with my lost post, i will tell you how this AMAZINGNESS CAME ABOUT!   On December 20,2015 I had the best day of my life at Wedgewood Palm Valley!  It all started 10 months before when my sister discovered them online. As fate would have it, an open house was coming up and my mother went for me and it was all love from there.  Neither my husband or I live in town, heck we don't even live in the same state, but I was born and raised in  Peoria, AZ. Going with tradition we wanted to give me away in my home town. So here my mom is, approaching Wedgewood with this multi-state wedding scenario, and the dream team jumped on it! We were offered a deal that we could not refuse on the very date of our choice! Then the real fun began.   Without ever laying eyes on me the phone calls and emails began. Everyone was so nice and so responsive and understanding of the situation. This out-of-town bride could not as for anything better! Finally got to see the facility 6 months before the wedding and the creative juices started flowing. My husband and I were in town for 2 days to meet with all of our vendors. That is when we discovered that not only is Wedgewood great but they surround themselves with great people! In 2 days we picked decorations with the reception staff, did cake testing with pixie cakes and picked centerpieces with florist an ordered invitations! This was the smoothes whirlwind you could imagine. I'm a law student, I didn't have time to scope out these individual vendors myself and BOOM Wedgewood said no problem our team is here for you! This carried all the way up to rehearsal and day of!   Getting married 5 days before Christmas made it easy to decide my theme, lol. My Grandmother at one point had her own wedding coordination business. So a lot of my decorations were DIY but Wedgewood was amazing about letting us set up and really transform the place. The wedding party was kind of large, but they got everyone together an we had a smooth rehearsal. Needless to say I slept amazing the night before my wedding.  Day of was magical. From our coordinators, to our banquet captain, to our bar tender and especially our DJ the night was EVERYTHING!  My guest are still talking about the wedding! Wedgewood does not have food tasting, so we took a chance and it paid off. The food was all gone by the end of the night (no to go plate for us lol) the cake was gone too! and i think my guest drank them out of business. DJ Damien had everyone of all ages laughing during dinner and then cutting a rug on the dance floor.   Our photos just came out and Wedgewood really helped us tell our love story. I cannot thank Rosemary, Chelsea and Natalie enough! If you are ever in a stressful situation and still want to get married I recommend Wedgewood palm valley to work with because I got pretty good grades as a student bride because of these ladies and my family.
5, Just accepted a contract to sell my home but had a cracked window needing repair. I found this co. from other reviews on Yelp.   On Friday, 8/21/15,  I called Garcia's Windows for a quote. Mark Garcia, the mgr. answered the phone, "nice".  Initially, he quoted a few days lead time to come measure the window, pretty  standard. When I explained there was an imminent home inspection, he agreed to come out and measure the window "late that same day, after business hours, on a Friday"!  Done. Mark offered to call in the order first thing "Sat. a.m." to help with delivery ASAP.    On Tuesday, 8/25, Mark sent me a text msg. that the replacement glass had arrived and offered to come install at 5:30 p.m."that same day".  Again, the mgr., Mark, arrived promptly with an assistant. The installation was completed, cleaned up, and I am so Happy!  Also, Mark was very professional yet personable.   "Maybe", I paid a little bit more for Garcia's service compared to the rock-bottom price of a competitor. I do know his competition quoted me 4-day lead times just to come measure the window. Plus,the competition gave excuses about delays from their manufacturer, etc., without any option for expediting an order.  For me, Garcia's windows was a bargain!  I will soooo call him back if I ever need glass/window repair again!   FYI, AFTER final payment with my credit card, on site, (with an email receipt to follow), I told Mark how appreciative I was of his service.  And, that I was going to write a glowing review on Yelp. I have not been compensated in any way for bragging on them... I just feel strongly that small business owners who provide exceptional service, deserve recognition.
5, After numerous failed attempts of trying to find a decent therapist in this town, I gave up. Years later, I got married and my husband knew of a place that a close friend of his works at, Harmony HealthCare.  I reluctantly went ahead and made an appointment with them. I was pleasantly suprised by how super sweet the call center lady was with me, while making my appointment. She was able to get me an appointment with a therapist, only 2 days away. I was very impressed at this point, with the quality of customer service and care I had received by just the I initial appt making experience alone. But when I went into there office for my appointment, I was so impressed with how clean, comfortable and overall feeling I had with the office itself as well as with the reception desk ladies.  Most of all, I was overjoyed to find that my therapist was a one of a kind!! Genuinely caring and highly qualified therapist with all the energy and devotion she puts in with every single session I've had with her. She doesn't spend time writing in a notebook as I'm talking. She is always making eye contact, with the warmest and caring expression on her face. I truly believe that she cares greatly about helping me with my anxieties and so on.  I truly am not exaggerating about how wonderful this therapist is. After every session with her, I feel like a whole new me. So you can imagine that after only 4 sessions with her & each session helps me feel like a whole new person,  then I've had 4 life positive changing experiences, all due to the greatest woman/therapist I've ever had the pleasure of finding in my life!!  Sylvia, at Harmony HealthCare at the Post Rd, LV, NV location is truly the greatest hope (I believe) for those who suffer with many types anxiety disorders, as I do. I recommend to all that are seeking a life altering change, to see Sylvia.  I know that I've rambled on quite a bit, but I just wanted to make it as clear as I could because I too gave up hope of finding the right therapist and then I found her. If she can do for you, what she's done for me, why not give her a try?
1, The best way to describe the food at Nirvana II is that it tastes like disappointment.  Located in the bottom of 3 Wells Fargo, there's a line out the door to this carry-out only restaurant most days. I love Indian food, so I've attempted lunch from this location twice. The second time was only after I suitably convinced myself the first meal wasn't as big of a disaster as I remembered. I was wrong.  They don't serve authentic naan, you just get flimsy pita bread wedges. Their version of Chicken Tikka Masala is a gritty, brownish curry mixture that doesn't resemble a quality version of the dish in any way. The chicken may have bones, or it may not, it's really a surprise by the day.  I've tried another dish -  chana masala from here, and it tasted the same. (Fortunately no bones!) Flavors are just muddy.  Both times I've eaten here, I've tossed my lunch out half-eaten before finishing it. I don't understand why this restaurant is popular. How hard can it be to do Indian carryout right?
2, Ouch. What happened between opening weekend and Labor Day weekend?  We had a great time on opening weekend, so much so we bought season passes. This weekend was TERRIBLE!  Sure there were more people, but the staff was rude. I actually got yelled at by an 18 year old life guard (as a 40 year old father) for standing too close to a railing. Meanwhile, no one gave a crap about the fact some teenagers stole my kids' $6.50 rented rafts from their hands in the wave pool. Later when we went to complain and get new rafts, the line was so long we just gave up and went home. I ate a reasonably priced $7.99 cheeseburger meal with fries and a medium Pepsi, but the meat was so terrible I couldn't finish it. It was insult to injury as they only had four of the eight order windows open, so it took forever to order, even though they had staff inside standing around doing nothing. Maybe it's just normal kinks they have to work out each year with new staff, but I'm pretty pissed about buying season passes now.   Pick it up Big Surf, management 100% to blame today!
5, My coworker is from Montreal and lives near here.  When we dined nearby, he said we HAD to stop afterwards and get some "montreal bagels".  I was kinda full from the meal, but I went along.  He bought a dozen to take back to his family and he bought another half-dozen for me to take back to the office the next day.  Let me describe this place as "an authentic, ethnic bagel shop".  There is little fanfare or decor, except the sign that says they have been open since 1957.  After one bite (mind you it was next morning), I can see why my coworker says there is a line out the door most times.  These guys handmake bagels and cook them in a wood-fired oven - by the hundreds.  The pricing is so cheap (the 18 bagels were $11CAD I think).  I had seasame seed and he got poppyseed.  They also sell cream cheese and salmon fixins.  Honestly the bagels are so good they don't need anything (I didn't even toast mine).  When I showed up at the office the next day and offered up my six bagels, I was lucky to snag one before they disappeared in 2 minutes.  Next time I am in the area, I am definitely going back
4, Came here for a little afternoon treat with my friend. We arrived when the place just opened and was greeted by the owner himself. He seem to be the only person running the place. He directed us to the menu that was placed across from the cash register.   Note: you order first then seat yourself. There's a water station if you get thirsty and also a bin where you would place your dirty dishes in after you're done.  Always enjoyed creme brûlée and I was super excited to try one of his many creations. He offer a variety of interesting flavours that all sound so yummy. I chose the Vietnamese coffee paired with a scoop of earl gray ice cream. The creme brûlée was tasty, coffee flavour was strong, it was drizzled with condense milk and I enjoyed watching it being torched infront of me. I felt that the earl gray ice cream was definitely needed or some kind of ice cream because it helps to balance out the sweetness and rich flavour of the Vietnamese flavour creme brûlée. The ice cream was made perfect in my opinion as earl gray taste was present, it was creamy and not overly sweet. The owner actually recommended to have the ice cream first then my creme brûlée after in my particular pairing.   Moreover, the atmosphere of this place was pleasing and comfortable. You can study or hang out with your group of friends. He definitely made use of every square footage of this place. Also the selection of desserts from ice cream to creme brûlée and waffles. I will definitely come back to try the waffles because the pictures I've seen on yelp look so yummy.
2, This used to be my favorite place to get prime rib. We always shared it with others as the place locals go and you have to get over the run down look outside because when you go to the coffee shop you are going to get a good meal. Today they made a liar out of me. I started with their clam chowder that had so much grease in it I couldn't finish it. Then the prime rib was tough and so was the steak my husband got. And if that wasn't bad enough, apparently you have to be a regular customer to get good and friendly service. Our waitress stopped by the tables next to us multiple times and their drinks always stayed filled. My husband's soda was filled once, but my water glass stayed empty for at least 10 minutes before I finally flagged someone down to fill it. He also brought us a box for our leftover food. We had to flag down our waitress and ask for our check. We had discussed dessert, but gave up the thought when we realized it wasn't even going to be offered. Once we asked for the check, she quickly gave it to us and wished us a good day. When we approached the register, one cashier was counting her till and the other said she would help us and asked for our check. She quickly processed our check and wished us a good day barely looking up from the register and never looking at our faces. When she handed the receipt to us with one hand, she was taking the check from the next customers with the other hand. It was clear that good food and good service are no longer a priority. I guess it is time to find a new and better place for the locals.
1, I was ok with  this gym until today. My wife had a terrible and dangerous experience that I'm surprised has not happened sooner. She had a tanning bed break and the lid of the bid fall down on the back of her head and it knocked her out. When she approached management after she regained consciousness they were not concerned and brushed her off. She had to make them come and look at the bed. Once they saw the bed they still didn't believe her until she showed them the welt on the back of her head. She could not see or walk straight they didn't even say sorry or offer her assistance. Very disappoint in their lack of concern for my wife. To top it off she has a bleeding disorder so this could have truly killed her. Both the other tanning beds were out of service and in disrepair.  I will being going down there personally to talk with the management  this is not ok. What else has not been maintained in the gym and what will break next and truly hurt someone.by the way I have never wrote a yelp review before but their poor customer service made me  Let me add my name. This not an over reaction invade you were wondering anybody that knows me would say I under react to things. Thank you for reading  Seth Johnson 4807106675
1, Ahhhh the el cortez so much history so old school...what a complete dump. First off you have to walk off of Fremont to get there it was like walking down a hallway in a psych ward replete with urinating hobos,prostitutes having conversations with trees and dogs humping watermelons...I heard they have a 3/2 BJ single deck in here so I went in to check it out....the first thing you notice is that old stale smell..then the clientele which is right out of a homeless shelter field trip. So I walk around the tables to scope them out..not many people playing but a lot of dealers just standing there looking like Oliver waiting for some bread. Eureka I find what I'm looking for. I start to play..initial wager 40 dollars...won some lost some...I guess this is  more then they are accustomed to. Anyways now I'm rolling I'm up about 350 all of a sudden one of the floor supervisors comes over and says after this shuffle we are closing the game....haha hahaha. ..oh really and why is that? The other dealer called in sick..bhahahaha hahahaha how about one of the 10 other dealers picking their asses..they can't jump in? Oh no sir we are sorry..you know we want to keep th game open...i said I don't know anything of the sort..I got up and cashed out...in all the years I have gambled...I have NEVER seen that happen..suffice it to say I will not be returning here...if you can't handle the heat get out of the kitchen...
4, Despite being raised in the Sonoran Desert, I love Chicago Dogs! You can blame the Cubs for that. So how come I've never tried a Sonoran Hot Dog before? They've gained a lot of popularity in recent years thanks to Tucson restaurants like El Guero Canelo. I was very happy to see they opened a new location in the west valley on McDowell Road.  Today I picked up lunch for a friend on my way over to his place. Without asking what he wanted, I decided to pick up some variety. Two Sonoran Dogs were an obvious choice. I also chose two chicken tacos, a side of refried beans and chips.  The cashier was very friendly and when she suggested the chips, she mentioned that they were made fresh each day (and they were really good). In fact, they were better than some I've had in nicer restaurants. But the beans.... They were amazing. Seriously, the refried beans here are better than homemade! My friend mentioned how much he liked the chicken tacos. For something so simple (grilled chicken, cabbage and corn tortillas) they were incredibly flavorful. All I added was some pico de gallo.  And finally, the Sonoran Hot Dog was worth every penny. Bacon makes everything better, but the hot dog itself was tasty. And you wouldn't think that mayo and beans would go together, but it all works. The flavors may not be as bold as the sport peppers on a Chicago Dog, but I will not pass up another opportunity to enjoy a Sonoran Dog again. Welcome to the valley El Guero Canelo!
5, We visited Balzac's Coffee around 10:30am on Saturday, and it was already packed full of people! We barely found anywhere to sit. When you first enter, you are able to see just how popular this cafe is in the city. Their espresso bar is full with all kinds of edible goodies, including cookies, oatmeal, croissants, you name it.  They also had organic hand pressed juices, but the price was too expensive for me to try. :( $8.95! This roastery and cafe is the first of their many locations around the city. They focus on getting every drink right, and even use organic milk!  The place is in two floors, with the second floor being more cozy and quiet than the lower floor. The cafe has beautiful brick walls giving it such a cool ambience. The big chandelier is such a beautiful piece, lighting up the entire cafe.  My husband got their double shot of espresso with a hint of milk. We don't particularly like acidic coffee, but hubby said it is acidic at a comfortable level, you know, not so acidic that the coffee tastes bitter.  I, not being a coffee lover, tried their Parisian Mist - a latte made with French Breakfast tea. I fell in love immediately! It tastes kind of like a chai tea latte, but it is still black tea, if that makes any sense. There is a hint of something that makes it completely different from other black tea lattes out there.  If you're around the area, I suggest you get a cup of their coffee! You will certainly not regret it.
5, Let me begin with this: I spent 4 months studying abroad in Florence, Italy. I am extremely picky when it comes to eating at Italian restaurants, and I am highly critical when reviewing said restaurants.   Upon arriving, we were promptly seated and pleasantly greeted by our server. The service reminded me of what they offered back in Italia with the tables being out within the walkway of the Venetian itself. The tables were already set up with flowers,placemats, and silverware ready to go. I must say the environment and ambiance seemed to quite right to me.   After being seated, we were brought garlic bread that tasted pretty awesome. I ordered the chicken parmesan while my boyfriend went for the slightly more fattening veal parmasean. We opted out of ordering alcohol- they had a fairly extensive list that consisted of both domestic and imported choices- so that we could allocate our funds to dessert instead.   Our food came and was absolutely delicious. It wasn't dry but both our meats were tender and juicy. We had pasta and pasta sauce on the side, both of which did not overpower the veal and chicken. The sauce atop our meats too wasn't too much- just the perfect amount, along with the cheesy mozzarella slice.  We had to box the remainder of our meals, and order our cannoli to go, because we were stuffed to the brim. It's a good option though so you can return to your room, let your food settle, and enjoy a nice, romantic dessert later.  I would recommend this place if you are in the area. Sure, it's a little pricey, but it is well worth it. Great meals in Italy are not cheap; the same rule applies for the states. You won't be disappointed!
5, Would Highly Recommend!!!!!  We scheduled an appointment with Scottsdale Air and Cooling. I was pleased that they were able to schedule an appointment on 6/28/2015. Only three days from when I called.  I scheduled our yearly maintenance for the air conditioners. Clean filters, coils, check pressure and check for any problems.  Dan from Scottsdale Air Conditioning came to our home and was very professional. Dressed in a professional uniform and groomed nicely. Their trucks are very clean.   Dan got to work right away and when he was finished, he explained his findings.  1. Cleaned coils-dusty but normal for living in AZ. A. Cleaned inside and outside coils with hose.  2. Verified all units were running efficiently. B. Checked pressures and our units were running optimally.  3. Explained north unit had some fins damaged from hail.   He explained he could straighten them or we could. We said we would if it were necessary. Dan explained at the age of the units-12 years old, sometimes you can do more harm by combing out the fins to straighten them. The fins can become brittle in the sun and heat. We choose not to have this done or felt it was necessary but mostly did not want to take any chances damaging the fins while combing.   Our units have always been maintained and for 12 years old, Dan stated he could tell the units were not abused and were taken care of properly.  We are selling our home and the buyers inspectors stated that they found an oil leak in one unit, loose insulation, a ptrap improperly installed and dirty coils inside and out of each unit.  The buyer wrote an unflattering letter to the her realtor stating that Scottsdale Air and Cooling should be given the riot act and we were dooped.   I knew that was not the case. Dan was on our roof for almost and hour and very professional. If he had found something, Im sure Dan would have presented the findings to us. Company's want to do business with their customers if repairs our necessary. That how they make money!  For our buyers satisfaction, I called up Scottsdale Air and Cooling and explained my situation . They were amazing and stand by their serviceman and customers.  They scheduled Dan to come out again and this time, I went on the roof too. I also took pictures.  1. The units coils were clean and a little dusty but Dan sprayed the coils again. Not much difference in appearance because they were not dirty. It was a month since he sprayed the last time, so I expected to see this.   2. The insulation on one door panel had pulled away from interior door. So small that was not necessary to glue down but Dan did anyway.  3. ptrap was in the same position as when the home was originally built . Ptrap drain  passed initial city inspection and two other inspections with each new home owner. Dan positioned the ptrap drain the way the buyers inspector felt was necessary. Never had any issues with the ptrap drain or air conditioners.  4.. Dan stated no oil leaks in either unit as stated by other HVAC person.  When Dan was finished-he wrote a detailed report and sent it to me. It was an informal one until the official one was issued.  I was embarrassed to have Scottsdale Air come back to the home but they were amazing and understood our position. They DID NOT CHARGE us for the second service call.  I was so surprised and frankly-taken back by the outstanding customer service with Dan and the company.  I had communicated back and forth with the employees in the office and they were so cooperative with me and my realtor. They emailed any necessary documents when we needed them and did it asap!!!  Thankyou Scottsdale Air for your Honesty, Outstanding Customer Service, Integrity and standing by your repair persons and customers!   Thankyou Dan for being a perfect gentleman! We really appreciate you coming back and showing me what you did on the first service call. I learned allot.  Thank you for making the modifications on ptrap to satisfy our buyers.   You are definitely an asset to the company!  A pleasure to do business with!
2, So much MSG, oil, and salt! We felt so gross afterwards that we immediately went to Smith's to stock up on fruits/veggies for a raw food/juicing diet. True story.  We ordered: 1) Duck Fried Rice--It was so salty! I felt like they poured in a cup of soy sauce and spoonfuls of msg into that dish. Don't get me wrong, our tastebuds were overjoyed from all the flavor. But is all that flavoring really necessary? I guess that's how some people like their food cooked though; it's just not for us. I think it would've been perfect had they just cut back on all the oil and soy sauce and even left out the msg.  2) Vegetable Stir-fry--Half of our stir-fry dish was made up with rice. They gave us the tiniest portion of vegetables. Like the fried rice, I felt like the stir-fry was just cooked in a ton of hoisin sauce/msg/soy sauce/salt.  3) Thai Iced Coffee--Too sweet! I think they added sugar on top of the condensed milk because that was the sweetest iced coffee I have ever had.  Service was decent. Even though we came at a busy hour, the waitresses were still attentive to us and quick with our orders.  Our total meal came out to be $22 including tax/tip.
4, A solid 4.5...just shy of a 5.  My stars:  (5=epic "best of") (4=really tasty and want to go again and again) (3=good and will go back once in a while) (2=fair, might return for a visit if there was some glimmer of hope) (1=avoid at all costs)  Go or No?  Go!  Tease:   Iron Chef Bobby Flay's Southwestern restaurant in Caesar's Palace (right by their sports book)  Why I went:  Because I am a fan of Flays!  When:  11/18/12  Food:  I had the Mesa Burger...I was craving a high quality burger for lunch as we were there early in the afternoon.  We had a total group of 4 dining.  Other entrees included the grouper, pulled pork sandwich, and bacon quesadilla.  Everyone enjoyed their meals.  A number of us also enjoyed their amazing and spicy Bloody Mary's!  I've eaten here a number of times.  Every time, I really have enjoyed my meals!  The flavors are so vibrant and interesting.  Things can be spicy, so if you like that...you'll love Mesa Grill!    Basically the food & drinks are delicious!  Service:   Mike P was our server, and he did a fine job.    Hints/Final thoughts:   The food here is really super tasty!  However, the only real complaint is that a lot of the dishes are not changeable.  Given many marinades, sauces, and preparation...apparently, they can't make many substitutions.  For my wife, who can't eat cilantro, this made ordering a little difficult.  They will try, but sometimes there can't be much done.
1, Dinning at the Red Room is an experience I hope to never repeat.  Three of us arrived slightly later than our party, and right off the bat we were told that separate bills were not possible. He came back five minutes later to remind us again that we could NOT have separate bills (we hadn't even asked for them). Its a cash only, which is fine, but in this modern day and age, options are always appreciated.   The food was awful. A lot of the food is very clearly brought in already-made, and then fried. They have a very large, very mismatched menu. We saw dishes from Japanese, Chinese, Vietnamese, Mexican, Italian, German and numerous other cultures. I ordered Edamame (over boiled and under salted) and Shrimp Spring Rolls to snack on. One of my shrimp rolls did not have anything in it. It was a hollow, deep friend, roll. My party ordered a variety of different plates, no one was thrilled.   The waiter seemed to be the only server in the entire restaurant, so I appreciate that he was busy, and might not have been having the best day of his life, so we'll assume the best there.    And yes....the bathrooms are gross.
1, Very disappointing. All I asked was for my new growth to be crocheted it into my lock, instead he started a million baby dreads of new growth. Didn't take anything I said I wanted done into consideration. I mentioned before starting I've never used interlocking. I have been told my whole life it's not how you loc MY kind of hair. He told me he could do multicultural hair. Long story short very disappointing,  I spent $280 for literally nothing everything that he crocheted or interlocked slipped out the next day and now I have to spend another $300 to go back and crochet my roots where he interlocked because there's a hole in my dread. On top of everything hair aside the first subject he brings up as religion which is a big no-no. I said let's agree to disagree I don't to talk about religion I'm not gonna tell you you're wrong and I got a Bible thrown in my lap.  Very unprofessional if you do hair than you need to do hair and you need to take the customers opinion and their needs in the consideration.
5, Yelp is quite handy in things I need researching on like finding a reputable lash extensions place. Well here I am at Posare Salon located on S. Durango Dr., passed W. Warm Springs Rd. next to Vons/Starbucks on the far left corner of the shopping complex. I'm happy I did my homework! Collette is personable, easy going, and considerate. Texted me in advance, a map pic of where she was and texted me again to let her know when I'm there, so she can open the door for me.  Her room is still being decorated, since she recently moved to this salon location.  I showed her a few pictures of what I was looking for in length and style. I came around a picture that had a purple tint at the ends and I randomly asked her if she can do my lashes this color. To my surprise, she had all sorts of colors and the purple I wanted. I asked her what's her most popular color request and shockingly, not many people ask for it. Maybe perhaps they don't know they could get away with such discreetness in color or all they know is the ordinary black. Well I'm here to tell you.. it's such a mystical charm to have some color to your lashes, especially if you're paying a great amount of money to get them done. The best part of these Purple Ombre Tint Lashes is it's only visible in light. I can even get away with these lashes at work, since it looks so natural :) hehehe hahaha   You'll feel some poking and tugging at times when the lashes are added, but the whole session took less than 1.5 hours. The fumes did get me good at the end when I opened my eyes, but after it finally dried, my lashes it came out oh so lovely. She gave me this sweet look, which I like, since I can be mean muggin sometimes. I love the hidden color though. I can't rave enough about it.   Can't wait to get my fill in two weeks and play around with these fun splash of color lashes! Don't be intimidated.. give it a try with Collette. She's superb in her craft. I'm having some Summer fun at Champaigne Lashes. You should too!!! ;)
3, Since I got sick of the long waits, buggy sign-in system and condescending barbers at Sports Clips I had to find a new barber shop.  I had used Fantastic Sams way in the past so I decided to give them another try.  Overall a good job.  The barber (I'm sorry I didn't get her name) was really good, always checking to see if what she was doing was right.  And the price is right.  So why only three stars?  I am so sick of business asking for personal information that's not required for the purchase of the product or service I'm  buying, especially if I'm paying with cash.  Smith's doesn't ask for my phone number.  Wal-mart doesn't require my email.  So why do I have to provide my phone number to a barber (I didn't)?  They need a back up system for signing people in who do not wish to provide more than a first name.   When I go into any store or restaurant I never think "hey, how can I help these folks with their demographic studies and possibly give them information that can be stolen, sold or simply used to annoy me."
3, Every time Ive walked by this place I have been intrigued to try it out. It has a really cool retro vibe that really draws me in.  So my husband and I finally decided to give it a go. Went later in the night and there was a fair bit of a line up but it went fast. The overall feeling of the place is super cool and makes you wanna go in and order a milkshake for two. Lots interesting old photos on the wall to look at while waiting. I was also immediately impressed by the bottle pop. Just can't beat it. We both decided to order burgers and share an order of onion rings. I went with the single cheese burger with bacon and he went with the fippin burger. There were lots of great topping choices to add to the burger and I was getting really excited about how good it was gonna be. When I got my burger it was HUGE!!! I couldn't believe it was the single burger. We quickly rushed home to eat and I couldn't wait to try it out. However upon my first bite I was somewhat disappointed. Nothing mind blowing about it but I kept eating. The bacon on the burger was kinda tough and chewy. Reading some of the other reviews I see that it is beef bacon. Just doesn't compare to tasty, crispy pig bacon. And then there was the lack of cheese, definitely could have used more. Then there was the beef patty itself, I am just not entirely sure that it wasn't frozen/store bought as it unfortunately did have that taste. But all of this could have been overlooked and I would have happily continued to frequent flippin burgers as a late night/drunken food stop, if I hadn't encountered the hairs. Yes, hairs. I found not 1 but 2 thick black hairs in my burger and I completely lost every bit of my appetite.  I will not be returning for a hair infested burger, however due to the proximity to my condo and the awesome retro vibe, I would probably return for a milkshake or a bottle of pop. Sorry flippin burgers, I really wanted to like you.
1, Do not go here! I went here with my sister to look for engagement rings for my now fiancé. I walked in and was met by 2 older ladies who seemed bothered by my presence to begin with. I was beaming with excitement because I was going to be making a HUGE decision in my life and also throwing down a huge chunk of my hard earned money. The ladies ( both sporting rings on all fingers) asked what I was looking for and showed me some outrageously priced rings. They asked my budget to which I gave them my reply (I worked my ass off for the money I had and I was convinced that it was a very generous amount) ...THEY BOTH LAUGHED... One said " If that's the kind of diamond you want you'll have to have bring more money than that." I was very embarrassed.  They wanted me to open up a line of credit for the diamond alone. They then realized I wasn't buying a $10,000 ring and lost interest in me so I left.  Gentlemen, GO TO THE SHANE COMPANY! They asked my budget and made me feel like a king, everybody is so nice. I left there designing a beautiful ring (which I still brag about) and all just under my budget.  Don't waste your time like I did! Off Scottsdale road and acoma, one mile south of bell road!
3, Overall Duke's Upper Deck was a nice atmosphere and seemed like an after work hang out for the locals of all ages mid 20s and up.  PARKING - Duke's has a small parking lot for maybe 15ish cars but since it was full, we had to find parking on the very steep hill with limited spaces available. Heels and hills are still not a favorite combination of mine. I am still not sure about parking rules in PA since I'm from TX but we didn't get towed so I guess that's good.    BEER - My husband raved about the beer selection and he wasn't off. This place has one of the largest draft beer selections of all the places I've been to so far. The happy hour prices can't be beat either!  FOOD - The hubby and I shared onion rings which were pretty good. I like to think I am not a picky person but my French Dip was not a favorite. The meat was overcooked, bland, and dry. The as jus sauce was decent but could not make up for the thing that was missing. I would have to add horseradish or something if I every ordered it again. The fries were amazing! I ate half my husbands plate ]:). My husband had the bleu burger which came out Well done even though he ordered medium but overall he was satisfied with his meal.    SERVICE - We sat at the downstairs bar area and although it was busy, it was not chaotic enough receive the lackluster service that we did. It seems like the wait staff was working 3-4 tables in our area and some tables on the upper deck of the interior building. Our waters ran out multiple times, my husband was able to finish a beer long before another one was ordered, and we maybe saw her about 2 or 3 times during the whole meal. I can't give the place more stars because of the service experience but I would go back on a slower night or during weekend lunch to give it another chance.
5, Just so happened to be in this area and stopped by The Fairmount and I am so glad I did! There really was not one thing that I didn't like on my visit to here. I'll start off by saying what stood out was how the bartenders and employees were overly kind to us and were more than accommodating to our big group. Thankfully, they have a room just for such occasions and it truly is perfect for special events. The drinks that were ordered came out exotic looking and super delicious. The food was also not only very presentable but tasted amazing. I ordered the pulled pork tacos and the pork was so tender and cooked to perfection! The green sauce, not sure what it was called, just made it that much better. Our server was always around when needed and was more than helpful.  The place definitely has a charm to it that I really love. Its fancy yet casual at the same time so you feel comfortable in whatever kind of setting or group your in. I love that if you just want to grab a drink with a group of friends they have couches on the sides where you can just relax and catch up with friends. Though I don't live nearby, I can certainly see myself driving out of my way to come here for a drink or for dinner sometime soon.
2, Oh Flamingo, you old bird. All you need is a good (bird) bath to clean your skanky carpets in the common areas, and fluff your feathers-- I mean, freshen up your rooms. I actually like the atmosphere in the Casino and shopping areas... folks are pretty friendly and there's a good vibe. But you need to be eating some new birdseed... and by that I mean, freshen up every part of your business (especially lobby/casino decor, room quality, maintenance/upkeep, and food service).  You have have good lineage. And your recently-refurbished guest rooms are a step in the right direction (though, while I'm not crazy about the Peptol-Bismol-pink bathroom walls, the electric drapes are a nice feather in your plume). It just seems like you're at 55% right now when, if you just got flapping, you could be at 100%. Or even 110%-- shoot for the skies!  Dear Flamingo, please don't lay an egg! Leave the comfort of your nest and soar like you are meant to (or at least balance on one leg like you are meant to), sweet Flamingo!
5, Absolutely phenomenal service AND food! We came in (my good girlfriend and I) after she had foot surgery-(still in a lot of pain but wanting to get out of the house)... we brought her service dog and were welcomed with open arms! From the outstanding management who greeted us at the door to the VERY pleasant servers, Tara H & Jillian- we couldn't of been happier. We needed a LOT of extra time due to the handicap situation and my friend being on meds that they gave us and we appreciated! NO ONE rushed us at all from taking our order to answering our 20 questions on the diff meals! They were MOST welcoming and accommodating! The shrimp & chicken salad that we both ordered was SUPER tasty & my mojito was superb! Thank you to the staff & management, it's obvious your customer service skills has started from the top of management and worked its way down! Love seeing a great & happy staff as I worked for One of the largest casino industries in the world for the food & Bev department for many years and Only wish our dept was just as happy all the time hah! Thank you again!
1, The one-star rating is based solely on our recent visit for happy hour.  Previous visits merited satisfied customers, including my friend's fiancee who is notoriously hard to please (he's not so much picky as a perfectionist with high expectations for quality food).  When deciding where to go for our February Girls Night, after considering other favorites, we settled on BLT, as it had been a few months since we enjoyed their happy hour.  Apparently, in those few months, their quality has declined.  Due to a current medical condition, I ordered Pellegrino sparkling water.  My friend ordered iced tea, out of solidarity.  Boring I know, but it's not like we only got plain old tap.  We ordered, sharing their fantastic popovers (which were still pretty darn good, despite the rest of the evening's shortcomings), the fried calamari and a burger.  We were served the popovers and before we took a second bite, there was a runner hovering, wanting to deliver our calamari and burger.  Really?  Rushing us out the door?  Despite it being tourist season, neither the bar nor restaurant were at all busy.  Someone screwed up by not pacing our order to come out at varied times.  In a nod to my current condition, I'd been cautioned to avoid undercooked meat.  Normally I am a big fan of rare to medium rare beef, especially in a place supposedly known for quality products.  I just can't bring myself to order well done, so we compromised, requesting the burger medium.  I figured that would be safe enough.    We continued to enjoy the popovers and the calamari.  The calamari was good, and I enjoyed the green herbal/garlic aioli sauce on the side.  When we finally cut the burger, it was rare plus at best, a far cry from the medium ordered.  Despite the cute little plastic tag sticking out of the bun suggesting the kitchen had heeded our request, they clearly had not.  Our waitress stopped by to check on us and we pointed out the error with our burger.  I explained to her that normally we love the cow practically still mooing, but due to my current status, I need to avoid rare beef.  She offered to have the kitchen correct their mistake.  A few moments later, the food runner brought a burger back to us.  The original burger is served uncut.  This one was cut in half.  At first we thought it was a bit suspicious, but maybe the kitchen cut it to make sure they cooked this one correctly, or perhaps they cut it as they knew we were sharing.  We each took a bite and were sorely disappointed to realize we received our original burger, not a freshly made one cooked to our desired doneness.  The kitchen just took our original burger (which sat at room temperature for at least 25 minutes while we ate our other food), slapped it back on the grill until it was charred on the outside, and put it back on the bun.  It was still rare inside.  This is the kind of thing I would expect from Ruby Tuesday, not Laurent Tourondel's namesake.  Upon closer  inspection, the slice of bacon was even sticking out of the bun at the same angle as the original.    We debated ordering something else, and decided to try dessert instead.  After waiting and waiting for our waitress to return, we just wanted to get out of there and satisfy our sweet tooth elsewhere.  The waitress finally appeared and asked if she could clear the plates.  I wasn't really going to make a big deal of the uneaten burger, but when she didn't even ask  why we hadn't eaten it, I had had enough.  I graciously informed her that we were done with the burger as it was quite obvious the kitchen didn't make us a new one, only re-fired our incorrectly cooked first burger.  She stated she would remove the burger from our check, which we appreciated.  We asked for the check, which we received fairly promptly.  Waiting another 20 minutes for our waitress to return and collect the folio with a card sticking out of the top, we finally decided to just leave cash and get out of there.  It was most definitely a disappointing experience.  When I relayed the events to my husband, he suggested we might give them one more try.  I will have to think about that, considering there are so many other places that have never disappointed me.
1, Stayed here on 12/29/2015. First off, the parking situation was really bad. We had to park in the far end parking lot which is about a 1/4 mile from the hotel lobby. Second, they put us in the wrong room, so we complained and they reluctantly switched us to a non-smoking room. They acted like they were doing us a favor for the switch. Third, we were woken up twice in the morning, once at 8:00AM and again at 10:50AM by guests who were incorrectly  booked in our room!! Fourth, upon leaving the elevators were not working - we had to haul our luggage down 22 flights of stairs to finally exit onto the 1st floor roof only to be greeted by an unfriendly security guard that told us we needed to have more patience with the elevators. After dealing with the rude employee we preceded  to exit the first floor roof down a flight of stairs. Keep in mind, we had no idea where we were going - us and other guest thought we'd end up stuck on the roof. Wow, this was by far the worst hotel experience I have ever had. We complained to management, and in return they graciously paid our resort fee of $30.00 LOL.
1, I wouldn't recommend this hotel to a homeless person. The staff is incredibly rude and lazy. Did not feel very welcoming. The check in line was around the corner and actually has a sign that says check out instead of check in. Other ppl like myself stood in a line that next to it that said ace check in which apparently was the wrong line. Please switch the signs if you don't want your customers confused. Was told I'd be charged for a specific resort fee when indeed I was charged an extra $8 every day from the original total. Didn't receive any type of paperwork indicating what time check out was so they refunded me only half of my $61.48 resort fee. Asked the manager working 8-24-16 if he could please refund the difference because I did not receive awake up courtesy call and the staff failed to provide any information besides how much everything was. The manager was very rude!!! Couldn't believe the type of service I was receiving. Just another way to make money. I'll GLADLY give my money elsewhere. The hotel room was terrible as well. No microwave or coffee maker. The bathroom was so small it would be hard for an ant to fully turn around in. All the money they scheme and take from others you would think their pool would be bigger but it's actually the size of a puddle plus it looked unclean. You can't even enjoy the smelly casino that smells that toilet water because you have their time share contract workers harassing you constantly and daily. Don't even bother asking the lazy, non working, incompetent employees for help. They are not friendly or approachable. I'm still very upset and annoyed how they took my money because of checking out "late" When no where in the hotel or the employees bothered to tell me. But of course they pretty much told me it was my fault. Their customer service skills are non existence. I left downstairs to grab a bite to eat and when I came back upstairs my room was "clean" by housekeeping. I strongly believe housekeeping stole several items from me. Had to start using the safe and putting the do not disturb sign on my door. Expressed my concerns to management and of course they seemed uninterested. The staff as a whole are all completely USELESS. Their restrooms are filthy. I will NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN. And if anyone ask about this hotel I will refer them somewhere else! You guys will never ever get a penny from me, my friends, family, or other ppl who ask me about this hotel. Extremely rude, uneducated, lazy staff. Get under new management!
5, One of the best tasting restaurants in a chain saturated township.  THANK YOU CINCO for being here!  Always great service, great food, great liquor.  Unlike the ubiquitous chains in USC, this restaurant has unique items on their menu.  Where else are you getting Chiles en Nogales?(the best I have ever had),  Fajitas with a great tasting Chorizo, Chicken fried steak with lemon sauce ,fabulous tender pulled pork with green sauce ??? I am pleased to have a restaurant with food familiar to me that is made well and close to home.    Cinco is where our family goes for a great meal at a reasonable price.  We have tried Fridays (disgusting food, watered drinks), Houlihans (horrible rude people, all industrial), Dragon Fire (we like), and also forth.  Ultimately, Cinco is the go to restaurant for consistently good food where we can bring our family, have a nice dinner and a strong margarita without breaking the bank.  MY FAMILY FAVS:  (Cinco names these dishes with special names that I can't remember)  Chiles en Nogales (Possibly called Chiles Techeuan).  Dark green mildly spicy but savory green pepper stuffed with sweet ground pork, peaches, pine nuts and spices covered in a walnut crème sauce.  primo!!  Puerco en Chile Verde:  succulent pulled pork topped with a lemony green Chile sauce served with all the toppings (including tortillas).  Stuff those tortillas with the yummy goodness of the pork I swear only Mexicans can cook correctly! My second most craving.  Fajitas with steak, shrimp and Chorizo.  My third craving. It's served with the sides you expect.  This is the only restaurant that has a decent Chorizo.  I finally had to ask and it turns out they buy it at the big Mexican grocery in Brookline. The Choriqueso is a great appetizer you should try.  Chicken Fried Steak whole over a salad and topped with the most amazing lemon sauce.  Simple Fresh Wholesome.  Refreshing.  Tacos with pork and pineapple.  Salty but addictive.  Kids faves: (my kids are 8 and 10)  Cheese or Chicken Enchiladas with the red sauce Quesadillas (the kids really like the rice and typically eat both theirs and ours) Cheese Empanadas (on the appetizer menu and called something more alluring.
1, It should be noted that this is now called Black Sheep Bar and Grill.   As soon as we sat down and got a curt reply when asking about the beer menu (that was posted on the wall on the other side of the restaurant) we knew this was going to be an interesting experience.   We placed our order, including appetizers. After our order was taken that was the last time we saw a waitress or anyone checked on us for 40 minutes. We did not see her again until she noticed us being increasingly annoyed with the neglect we were receiving. Empty drinks, no appetizers, forgotten customers.   Once she came back we mentioned the appetizer that we have yet to receive and she did apologize that the wings were taking so long. Our fries came out cold and with all the cheese solidified.   It was 50 minutes before we received our food. Still with no drink refills. The wings were hot and the sauces were delicious. The sweet and spicy BBQ was excellent.   The service was slow and terrible. I would recommended getting take out and avoid spending anytime in there unless you got all night.
5, All I can say is there is not one dish you will not regret ordering.  Been coming here since the first week they opened a little over a year ago. (Can you tell by all the Yelp photos I eat here alot?? )    Ambiance/Service -Casual, family friendly, modern decor, bright & clean, indoor & outdoor patio seating, place order at counter. If I could I would  give the staff of Great Greek more than  5 stars for service. From the first time I stepped foot when they opened,they have always been welcoming, warm and friendly.  They greet their regular customers by first name when they walk in and leave. Really impressive.  Food: Yia Yia's Pasticcio a Greek style lasgna that's topped with Greek Bechamel is a very popular dish to order here so if you want a slice of savory goodness I'd get here early for lunch.  If you make your meal a combo, get the Feta Fries!!!! Crisped golden fries topped with Feta cheese that's melted slighty. A different and delicious twist to eating french fries for sure!    Everytime  I order a Gyro and take a pic and post it, my friends are jealous cause here I am sitting having this huge Gyro that's filled with tender slices of beef(they also have choice of lamb and chicken)  feta cheese topped with a genourous amount of  their Tzaziki sauce that's made from scratch. Real light refreshing taste. Their Tzaziki sauce is gold!!   Ohhh the Grilled Garlic Shrimp is another plate that stands out. Shrimp is plump, jumbo size, it's an insanely garlickly & buttery masterpiece.  The Chef behind all these delicious dishes worked for notable chefs on the Strip. So you are in for a real treat when you dine here!   I must not forget dessert!! The most important meal  I never ever miss ;)  You cant beat Yia Yia's Rice pudding to top of your meal!!  Im not a big puddin fan but after Chef came over with a sample of rice pudding for me to try, I can say I am fan of rice pudding!! At least  the way Alice makes it here. What sets it apart is  it's creamy but has an amazingly light texture, with hint of cinammon.   Enough said. Don't pass up this comforting dessert.  The proof is in the puddin'!   Great food, great people, Great Greek lives up to it's moniker.
5, My husband & I enjoyed my stay here at the South Point Hotel especially since they had a raffle/sweepstakes going on several months ago (http://dealnews.com/South-Point-Hotel-Casino-and-Spa-in-Las-Vegas-1-Night-Stay-for-free/559492.html).  I signed myself & my husband up so that we could stay there for 2 nights for FREE!! How awesome is that?! xD   On top of that, for each night we stayed, we received 2 coupon booklets upon check-in with discounts for HALF OFF Club Member Prices for the Garden Buffet in the hotel.  Wow! That was such an amazing discount!  On top of that, the coupon booklet even includes a voucher for a FREE drink redeemable at any of their bars or lounges.  How cool is that?!   Oh yeah, and I fell in love with their Rose-scented body lotion that they provide in the hotel room. It smells so good! xD  I think the only downside to the room was that there was no fridgerator.  That kind of sucked, but everything else was REALLY NICE!!    My last stay was in the Imperial Palace, and this place is SOOOO MUCH NICER!!   Because of the free night stays & coupon vouchers, this was probably the most inexpensive trip for me & my husband! xD What a bargain!
2, Update (that was fast) Spoke to the manager. He was very nice and apologetic and took care of biz as best he could. Hopefully, this doesn't happen again. I'll delete the below once the fod redeems itself   I had to find my Yelp PW to make this review. I ordered nachos & requested CHIPS ON SIDE due to time and soggy factors. Picked up, no chips on side. Ok, I'm starving but Idw to be totally disappointed so I go back in, the bartender rudely asked if I "actually asked for chips on the side." Duh, check YOUR system. She passes it off to a server & doesn't talk to me again until 10 min later when my new order comes out. Her attitude was trash & Idk if they took it personal that MY food was wrong or what, but they put EVERYTHING in separate containers and left out my beans-the reason I wanted nachos itfp! Seriously?! It's not the 1st time and it sucks that Idw go back because 1900 used to be my spot! But seriously, SIX separate cups!? Y'all were being smart @$$#$ because nobody said separate everything and I was overly polite to them as if I'D messed up my own order or smtg. Do better.
2, Congratulations Bar Louie! Another 2* Review. Apparently, that's what you're aiming for. I went in tonight after I got off of work for a beer and some food, primarily because my brother had mentioned he thought the place looked cool about a week ago. Do not get it twisted; this place may appear busy on Wednesdays and any other day from 4-7 for one reason only, their happy hour prices are nice.   Their bar staff on the other hand can make Stephen Hawking seem like he has a bubbling personality. I'm a young single guy that eats out alone quite a bit because my work hours leave me eating past a normal dinner hour. I also worked industry for 6 years, so I know a bartender who's destined to work back of the house when I see one. My bar"tender" Crystal had zero personality, ZERO. I counted 5 singles and two deuces at the bar-top and she didn't engage one person in any conversation. Just pacing, making drinks, and complaining to coworkers.   Was a Wednesday night around 7:45 a little too much for you to handle (nine people, that's almost double digits...)? Need a second bartender up there? Or maybe just some Midol? Didn't receive a "hello" when I sat down, a smile with service, or a "thank you" when I was leaving. But, I did leave 20% because I know the industry and I almost felt sorry for her poor attitude.   The bottom of their receipt says "Thank you for your business. We hope to see you again soon." Maybe they should tell their FOH employees to try to make people feel like they actually mean it.   Food: Meh Atmosphere: Decent Staff: Unimpressive
5, I've read and heard several times that routine and monotony are precursors to a slow death in a relationship. "Keep things fresh!" "Don't settle for routine!" "Be spontaneous!" Notions such as these might be applicable in all other scenarios, but my relationship with Lao Laan-Xang has only been strengthened since my wife and I discovered this neighborhood gem over a year ago and have been slaves to routine ever since.  Sunday nights roll around; we try and pretend we can rise above comfort, to step outside what we know and order something new. We can't. "Crab rangoon... two #13s, chicken, 3-star spiciness..." rolls hazily through my mind. I open up my "Favorites" on my iPhone, and there it is -- Lao Laan-Xang. A speedy thirty minutes later, my dog is barking and my mouth is watering. It's here.  Honestly, though -- we moved into our First House a little over a year ago and hosted some friends to sit on the floor, drink beer, and watch the Badgers. A friend suggested ordering delivery from a nearby Laotian place, and we've been hooked ever since.   This is kind of a terrible review, in a sense, because I've literally only ever ordered one dish from this restaurant (the Khua Mee, #13). I won't dare admit to you how many times that one dish has been consumed 'round these parts.  Takeaways:  1. Routine isn't always a bad thing. 1a. Especially when that routine involves delicious Laotian food, shared with one's spouse.
5, If you love wellness and yoga, you'll love TruFusion!    After years of attending a wide variety of studios,  here are the things I LOVE about TruFusion:  Environment - the space is warm, inviting, innovative and they have thought of every little detail to make your experience attending a class or workshop more relaxed and enjoyable.   From the reception to the locker rooms they have a great attention to detail.   The heating, technology and space flow are cutting edge.  People  - the instructors are excited to help EVERYONE!   Yes, everyone!  Whether you are new to yoga/pilates/kettlebells/TRX or any one of the other classes that support the wellness of your body, they are welcoming, supportive and encouraging!  Philosophy - wellness of body, mind and spirit are the principles they have incorporated into how they operate their business.  You might call it wellness of the space, the well thought out operations and ease of attending, and their friendliness and graciousness for all who step through their doors!  Oh... and they'll "bend over backwards" to make it a positive experience for you!
5, There are only a few places in Las Vegas that I'd shell out for a good meal, and Bouchon is one of them.  If you 've been to the Bouchon in California then the first thing you'll notice is that the deco is exactly the same: high ceilings, art deco furnishing, black and white tiled floor with splashes of tall greens here and there. It is a delight admiring the attire of the servers who are all uniformly dressed in black satin vests over the pressed-white dress-shirts.  The look is accented with a full piece of ankle-length, clean-white clothes secured on the back with an elegant twist.    The lovely maitre'd whisked me to a table and I was quickly served with the same grain-shaped, freshly-baked bread accompanied by fluffy savory butter.  My server's name was Brendon, a hearty gentlemen adorned with those old-school glasses like in Mad Men.  Having eyes that are always too big for my stomach and with a greedy heart of wanting to sample everything, I turned to him for recommendations.    Without hesitation, Brandon recommended the foie gras (2.5oz), and decided on the tomato salade to freshen up the palate before we move onto the entrée of the day.    The 2.5oz foie grais with sea salt came with neatly-stacked and golden toast strips.  To my surprise it was served in a small container where the top is covered with a thin layer of fat.  The server scooped out the surface fat and left me alone to enjoy the dish.  Scooping out the foie gras required a bit of a maneuverer since it was chilled in solid form, but the little pieces of it that fell out of my spoon quickly melted into, for a lack of better word, fat, on my plate.  It is truly a delightful indulgence - a smooth, rich, flavorful piece that fills your mouth.  This dish is best to be shared between two people.   Tomato Salad is comprised of fresh tomatoes of various sizes and colors are cut in half, tossed in light vinaigrette and plated beautifully on a grand piece of 'melon'.   All the staff was very attentive and my water glass was never half-full.  The server came around to take away the pistachio shells (did I mention they were warm and toasty when they were served?).  The last dish was the special of the day: Plum sauce with basil infusion and dabs of fresh young goat cheese surrounding the tender....I almost burst into tears when I had this.  Everything was married together perfectly in a joyous dance.   Just as I thought the dinner was done, Brendon came around and placed a dessert spoon on the table: "Got something sweet for you." I widened my eyes in disbelief, wow! Compliment of the house! The dessert was Pot-de-Cream with lemon jelly coating accompanied by two short-bread cookies dusted in fine sugar. My heart leaped up when I had the first scope; like the foie gras, silky smooth and full of flavour.  And for contrast I alternated between bites of the cookies and scoops of the pot-de-cream.  All in all, I look forward to the next time I dine at Bouchone.  If you get there before me, please say hello to Brandon.    Bon appetito~
4, I do enjoy wreaking a little havoc on the strip from time to time. The people watching is good, the scenes are cool and window shopping is excellent. Plus I find myself frequenting the strip to get to casinos, clubs and restaurants, I can't stay away for too long.  It's a great place to just sit and watch a lot of entertaining shit go down and blend in with the crazies if you're up for it, but after dealing with a lot of idiotic drivers and drunk tourists on the strip I dread driving on it. The taxis run you off the street and typically drive like jerks. The pedestrians rule the strip, but that doesn't mean you have the green light to prance around like a tourist fool. Oh you're crossing the street when you shouldn't be and you got hit by a moving vehicle? Sorry, not sorry.  If people watching bores you, the street performers are always out full force on the weekends, just make sure to tip them if you take a photo of them/ with them - if not, get ready to be professionally mean-mugged or verbally assaulted. Or you can be cool and take a picture for free with a bum - your choice. There are a lot of free sights to see - I always enjoy a classic Bellagio water fountain show, it never gets old. Also, the Volcano fire show at The Mirage is pretty thrilling and heats things up, literally!  The beloved strip is best enjoyed at night, all of the glimmering lights, cascading banners and marquees, make it that much more magical and worth the trip to the strip. You either hate her or you love her, but she will always be my special, dirty girl.
3, Restaurant: Hong Kong Bistro Cafe Cuisine: Chinese Location: Chinatown Address: 472 Dundas St W Price Range: ~$10  1: Poor 2: OK 3: Good 4: Very Good 5: Excellent  Food: 3 Service: 3 Ambiance: 2 Overall: 3  Extra information:  *HK cafe style *Cheap lunch menu *2nd floor  Hong Kong Bistro Cafe is located on the 2nd floor on Dundas Street just before you hit Spadina Street. Once you walk upstairs, you will see how small the restaurant is (narrow and long). There were many Chinese middle aged men having lunch when I dropped by.  Ordered: Mexican Fried Rice (seafood) 3/5  *Served with soup (choice between winter melon/borscht) *Went with Winter melon soup *Worst soup I've ever tasted and didn't know what it was suppose to taste like *Comes with mussels, shrimp and squid *Big in portion, but the rice is very bland *There is hint of curry flavor *Needs some kind of sauce (hot sauce)  Ordered: Baked Porkchop on Rice 3/5  *Served with soup (choice between winter melon/borscht) *Went with Borscht, it was so watery (tasted like water and ketchup) *Huge portion *It came a little burnt on top, but there was no cheese on top  *Instead of 2~3 big pieces of porkchop, it was small chopped up pieces *Tomato sauce was decent (tasted like tomato soup + mushroom soup) *There were generous amounts of mushroom and onion pieces *Prefer one from the House of Gourmet although the tomato sauce is better here  Summary: Hong Kong Bistro Cafe is a place to go if you are looking for quick and cheap meal at Chinatown. Don't expect good service or atmosphere here though. But if I was craving HK cafe style food, I would rather visit House of Gourmet,
4, Riddle me this?  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YD9OSSwLvB8  Why did I, a complete non-smoker, find myself lounging in a hookah cafe on Pittsburgh's South Side after midnight on Good Friday?   Well, once this show finished at The Rex Theater...  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oCZMiCfM1A4  I needed sustenance and some refuge from that haven for the obnoxious and drunk known as Carson Street.   Mike and Tony's was closing up for the night, and craving gyros, I had to keep moving past the bass-thumping bars, dodging the surly debutantes (they all HATE me, and I never even make eye contact with them, let alone leer at them. Is it because I DON'T leer at them? It's sad and patriarchal, but so are they, so I digress...), and flatulent, fatuous "bros" as they are commonly referred to (they're real!), I had almost discarded all hope and headed straight towards the trolley stop until I came upon...  http://www.comicartcollection.com/images/wantlist/sphinx.jpg  No, I didn't encounter a super-villian. What I did encounter was a minor bliss.   I know nothing about hookah and have little interest in it, but when I sensed calm as I peeked into SCC and remembered that they do have a menu, I sat down in this carpeted room full of twentysomethings, all of whom were mocking the sounds of a babbling brook as they inhaled fumes from rubber tubes. Videos of gyrating belly dancers played on a television screen while everyone but the owner, my server, and I sat on pillows on the floor.   Is there a more peaceful place to simply escape from all the madness in this often raucous part of town?  Sphinx Cafe's menu doesn't aspire to be "authentic" Egyptian (try Isis Cafe in Brookline for truer Egytpo-fare ), offering up a number of Mediterranean, Arabic, and quasi-Mediterranean/Arabic snacks and dishes for those who actually might want to eat instead of smoke...or toke.   The gyro I had came with potato chips and included rich, moist meat, crisp vegetables, and a fine, properly creamy-tangy tzatziki sauce. Although I could have done without being charged $2.50 for a can of ginger ale, the mild gouging affected me little considering my safe, civil, chill surroundings. That I went to a lounge in The South Side and didn't leave wanting to pulverize some greasy-haired mook is enough for me to recommend Sphinx Cafe to those who despise the bar scene and find themselves in the area on one of its worst two nights of the week. Perhaps, I'll cast my allergen-induced respiratory issues into the breeze and sample some hookah during a future visit to see what it's all about.  P.S. The service was friendly and fairly prompt considering the laid-back ambience.   P.P.S. For a small fee, one can rent board games to play.  P.P.P.S. They were open until 2AM!  P.P.P.P.S. The only music I heard in Sphinx Cafe was of the soft, Arabic kind that evening.
4, I have ALWAYS been a fan of House of Blues food.  Ever since my days at Disney.  This was a hidden treasure that people would pass by and not even give a chance but I am telling you that their food is so good.  We got a great deal through Restaurant.com so we were able to try a lot of stuff.  It's Vegas baby!  One thing you should know about Restaurant.com coupons is that it may look like a great deal but you need to spend a certain amount to use the coupon.  Our particular coupon was $4 for $50 but you have to spend $100.  Not really a great deal when you think about it.  Back to the yummy food.  The drinks are so yummy.  All of their signature drinks come in either a House of Blues souvenir glass or a souvenir mason jar.  I have both.  Buyer beware though, I think they are super expensive.  They don't list the prices on the menu and I actually have never thought to look but they are somewhere in the range of $20-$30.  Don't quote me on it but def. watch out for that.  Everything is spicy here!  Even their Jalapeno Maple bread.  It's delicious but spicy!  We ordered so many things.  The cesar salad with steak, side of mac and cheese with bacon, bacon wrapped meatloaf and the key lime pie.  All delicious!  Seriously, you can't wrong with their food.  Especially as a quick snack or lunch.  It's just a fun place to hang out when you've lost all your money.  The music is so fun and the staff is so great.  Especially Star.  She was so nice.  It's just a great place with a fun atmosphere.
4, Wow, I was very impressed.  I've passed this place many times while shopping nearby.  I purchased a gift certificate thru Amazon Local and decided to give this place a try.   This rating is probably closer to 4.5 stars.  I was greeted immediately, and seated on a Saturday evening.   I proceeded to review the menu and decided to try the Fried Cheese as an appetizer and the Shrimp Aglio for my entree.  I was immediately presented with a basket of warm clustered garlic rolls (they were delicous!).  The house salad (included with the entree), arrived within a few minutes and it was GOOD, fresh iceberg lettuce, topped with cherry tomato and loads of fresh mozarrella with a side of their delicious house dressing.   I ate every bit.  The fried cheese arrived, 5 large planks of fresh mozzarella, nicely battered and fried with a side of homemade marinara.  The marinara was filled with chunky tomatoes and had a very nice flavor, just a little bit sweet, just like I like it!   The entree.....where do I begin!!!!    The server brought out a huge bowl of linguine, topped with fresh basil, loads of freshly topped tomato and an ample portion of perfectly cooked shrimp.  I also received a side of freshly grated parmesan without having to request it.   The pasta was piping hot, flavorful and the portion was HUGE.   Everything about this meal was great, the food, service and atmosphere.   I would definitely return!
4, So glad we ventured off the strip and found this place. I've been so tired of overpaying for mediocre at best food. This isn't high end sushi, it's AYCE but that said...  I'm glad this AYCE sushi joint isn't one where they have sushi out for people to sneeze on and put their dirty hands all over!   //// ---- How it works: - For $26.95: Order whatever you want, as many times as you want from the waiter - Menu includes appetizers (miso soup, Japchae), skewers, nigiri, tempura rolls, deep fried rolls, classic rolls, no rice rolls and deserts! Whatttt  ///// ---- Would recommend: - getting any rolls with spicy tuna - asking for no sauce (their sauces were either heavy mayo or sweet)  - swapping crab mixes for crab sticks (avoid all the heavy mayo) - skipping the skewers: most too oily, but if I had to pick one - go for the shrimp  - passing on dessert: really wasn't impressed by the mochi or green tea ice cream, but hey it's included haha   //// ---- Tips: - Free small Sapporo for Yelp review - ~5-10 min ride from encore depending on traffic   Would definitely come back. Come early to avoid a wait, great service
1, First of all, I come here with my family and walk into a crowd of people in line.. There was an older lady, Im guessing the "owner" that came to help us,I got 1 kids scoop and 2 regular scoops of Ice cream.. I was getting ready to pay when the lady handed me my last scoop of ice cream saying "Have a great day".. too me I thought that these scoops of ice cream were on the house being as the bigger group before me was still in front of the cashier paying.. I said "are you sure?" to the lady when she replied, "Have a good day" In my head I was thinking.. wow what a kind lady to give us free ice cream.. then I walked away and sat down with my family.. I told my husband this and he said he would leave some tip just because he wanted to be nice.. As we walk out and my husband places the tip in the tip jar, the lady said to me.. "oh I still need to ring you up, right?" I was in shock... on top of that I felt so humiliated, thinking that these scoops of ice cream were on the house... She asked me if the tip my husband left in the jar was the money we were going to use to pay for the ice cream.. I told her no, he wanted to leave tip.. She was gonna ring me up with two kids scoops and a regular scoop.. I corrected her saying two regular scoops and a kids scoop and paid my $9 bill.. I am not the type of person to run out on my bill and I was more than happy to pay in the beginning.. She confused me soo much on top of making me feel like a complete idiot.. maybe I missed her saying to pay later on top of the loud crowd, but I was humiliated... Horrible customer service... She also gave me "expired" coupons, telling me it would still be valid.. which if I ever go in here and get humiliated again by having expired coupons.. I don't know what I would do... Needless to say.. I am never going to this baskin robbins again after the customer service that left me feeling horrible!!
2, Being raised in the western world, a cup of java is essential in the morning especially good with a cream cheese bagel or a donut or a timbit or a danish or.... ANYHOW, most will agree that NOTHING  beats the smell of fresh coffee in the morning. Or tea. Steeped tea in particular, is tried and true morning picker upper.   i will confess that I am a Timmies fanatic and hold it dear to my heart, and it pains me to write such a review about one that was so dear; but I am so VEXED and I need to vent. I am giving this location a 2 star cuz i have nostalgia but really it's a ONE.  This particular location has been dear to be for as long as I can remember- it's been my go-to place on any day or night for a lil bit of java fix, whether it be during cramp time for exams or just to catch up with a buddy over a warm cup(s) of whatever; it was open 24 hrs for the longest time which made it the perfect spot.  Then it wasn't 24hrs anymore except on Fridays and Saturdays which bites but still good. I have always enjoyed the quick service here even when the line went out the doors and had no problems returning to THIS location even though there are many within walking distance, until recently.  So Currently I am working two jobs; one in day and one in night because I am insane. This makes good cup(s) of java essential to my being awake; I can't imagine how much more I spend at Timmies these days.Anywho.  Since I have started my night gig(4 months ago), I can't seem to get no satisfaction from this place. The coffee is ALWAYS burnt - I thought maybe it was because I came near closing time that it may be the case. But no, any time after 5pm I have been here, the coffee is BURNT. So I switched to steeped tea; and the friggin TEA is burnt! How do you burn tea? Well it is brewed the way and stored same way coffees are so if it sits for a long time on the burner it burns. Why am I paying for burnt anything? Because the service was good. But the service of the night crew completely shat itself recently- I have never met such rude set of people who not only ignore your existence in the store ,rudely repeat after you, talk in another tongue in front of you(which I find rude) and openly roll their eyes at you. However, beggers can't be choosers and I continued to drink burnt crap because all other Timmies in the area closes before 11pm - until recently.   Recently I discovered that this particular set of people -do not practice what we know to be a Timmies practice? you know, writing the time when the pot was brewed and dumping it after a certain time- they ran a national campaign for that not too long ago- yeah, they don't do that here during the night shift. If they are ignoring one of the most fundamental things that makes Timmies what it is , I dare ask what else they're not doing so I am taking my tiny broken wallet else where.  That is all. I am done ranting.
5, I've known about this place for a lil while because of my good friend Sara - we tried to go there once and unfortunately found that is was closed.  Well finally went back today and it was one of the loveliest places i've ever been in the city. The Plateau has many gems and this is definitely one that stands out. The Cafe is in a little building - well a house converted into a cafe !   The decoration is a mix of vintage & eclectic style - Très a mon goût ! There are many different sitting areas and all the way in the back , theres a magical garden ( yes magical!)  filled with green vegetations, trees and even a little pond. A place where ( in the summer time of course)  you could spend all your mornings - afternoons & evenings ( all day, errrydayyy)  just reading a book, enjoying nature or delighting in philosophical convo's about life. That little magical place even lits up at night to resemble a fairy's den  - or what i imagine a fairy's den would look like if it existed.  Unfortunately we didn't eat any meals there - only a drink and some ice cream. I had an iced coffee late with a hint of mint ( which i asked for) and my friend had vanilla ice cream with chocolate syrup and fruits. We thoroughly enjoyed our drink and food and shall go back to sample the main meals and/or entrees.  *Bonus This place sells books for 3$ - which, being a book lover pretty much sealed the deal for me - of course i purchased a book by Albert Camus - & only that one because i didn't have any more change than 3$. Last little amazing surprise , My friend stumbled upon a game of psychology, where you get to ask random behavioural questions - the type that answer to ''what would you do if'' . My friend and i promised to gather up a group of friends and head back there just for that game.  Go there for a date, go there for lunch, go there to spend some time solo, go there with friends...but just go or you will be missing out on this beautiful little gem of a Cafe.  Santropol, i just want to say :  thank you , i love you , your amazing.
5, My first yelp review. I see lots of wishy washy reviews about this place. My hubby and i had  a spa service a few doors down at Ritual. We were hungry as soon as we were finished.  Having the usual dinner conversation about what / where to eat.  What do you want ? I dont care, whatever you want.  We were parked pretty close to Republic. We were going to get in the car and head to Green Valley Ranch. Hesitant to give a new place a try. This shopping center doesnt seem to kind to resteraunts. But we decided to give Republic a try. We were greeted and seated right away. Drink order right off the start.  We were brought water without asking for it, a rare thing  anymore. Hubby had an iced tea, bit strong  but that was good. I had the rock candy lemonade, YUM! I am so not a  alcoholic beverage person but my drink was very good. We ordered the mozzarella squares and pigs in a blanket for appetizers.  So good!! Both of us got the fried chicken. It was very crispy and super tasty. The service was excellent! Very prompt! No one hovered us. And our waiter didnt disappear. He was friendly, attentive and helpful. We never had to wait for the waiter. Service was spot on. Food was soo good! Hubby got the sweet potato fries. He enjoyed them.  They were served in a mini frying basket, cute.  I had the mac and cheese but lacked  room to eat more than a bite. It was very yummy though, tasty and nicely browned on top. We would have had desert but we had no room.  We have eaten out lots and lots. New places for us are either hit or miss. With a toddler we dont go out for dinner much alone anymore. We were very happy to have had a nice dinner with terrific service. Even better the place is nice inside and no walking through a stinky casino. Hope this place sticks around.  It really is good.
4, The 3030 has quickly become my go to destination in the Junction (Serious hat tip to Hole in the Wall, that place is excellent too). The first thing you will notice when you enter the 3030 is that there is SPACE. This isn't your typical sardine-packed Dundas bar and you are not going to have to grind through a sea of people to get a drink. Sorry annonymous gropers, it's back to Red Light for you. You may have to wait to get a table but there is ample room in the back, and a second bar, so you don't need to lurk over peoples tables while they eat. Better still, pump some quarters in to the pinball machines while you wait.   They few shows I have seen the acoustics have been OK. It's a large concrete box so you have to work with what you got, and they do a decent job. You will see the sound guy moving about the room checking levels. Gotta appreciate the effort.   Pretty well rounded beer selection and the few small dishes I have ordered were pretty tasty, arrived promptly to the correct table (WHAAAAT), and were well priced. Most notable were the double w/ pork belly & Blue Mac & Cheese. I've read alot of complaints about the service, and personally can't speak to that. My experiences have always been pleasant. Sadly, It's not your servers fault it's January outside.   If the menu doesn't tickle your fancy there's a pizzeria down the road called Little Caesers that does a pretzel crust pizza. :-o  The future is NOW.
4, FOOD: 5 stars. My food was amazing. I ordered a meal that essentially boils down to pancakes, bacon, sausage, eggs, and potatoes. But Eggspectation does it a bit differently in that all the items were STACKED. A bottom pancake with bacon on top, flanked by a middle pancake with sausage, and finally another pancake topped with an egg. It was delicious. Not an especially novel concept but combined with the absurdly delectable 100% pure Canadian syrup, this was a winner.  VALUE: 4 stars. The price wasn't too bad, but this was close to the most expensive breakfast I had on my trip to Montreal. To be honest, any restaurant can make the brunch Eggspectation does, but I won't knock off too many points, considering the mood and ambiance of their outdoor seating is pretty top-notch.  SERVICE: 3 stars. Our waiter wasn't the friendliest. I legitimately don't think he smiled a single time. When I asked for a straw, he seemed mildly annoyed and brought me one without the wrapper. That was kind of strange.  TL;DR VERDICT: 4 stars. The food is great and the atmosphere is so Montreal, and despite a higher-than-average price and a blistering waiter who shall remain nameless, I'll be back if I ever visit the Royal Mountain.
5, I've been going to Centre Luna Yoga for several years now, and somehow I can't imagine my Montreal life without the classes and community at Luna. It's the kind of yoga studio where everyone knows your name. Even if it's your first time, they'll probably learn your name quickly. Jenn, the owner, is a young, hip, fun guru for the regulars who practice Jivamukti yoga. Her indie rock co-manager/boyfriend Jason often puts together great playlists for classes. Here you're as likely to hear Michael Jackson or some more obscure folk rock as you are more traditional yoga chants.  Most classes are either Jivamukti (a style founded by Sharon Gannon and David Life in New York City) or flow, always with music and usually hands-on adjustments. It's a lively, relaxed atmosphere. There's some yogic philosophy and chanting involved, but the focus is generally more on the physical practice. They have a variety of subscription options that make it easy to drop it for a class depending on your schedule, and also offer occasional workshops and retreats. The classes are generally challenging and will make you sweat, but I always leave class feeling lighter and happier than when I arrived.
4, I stayed here for 5 days so here's the breakdown.    PROS:  I got a 600 sq ft. suite on the 32nd floor with a fat ass balcony, strip view,  2 42" plasmas, TV in the bathroom, bomb ass shower with a rain nozzle on the ceiling, jacuzzi tub with jets and speakers, fridge, and one helluva comfortable ass bed.  This was easily the nicest room with best view of the strip I have ever been in. You can see the whole strip because this hotel is on the other side of the 15. From Mandalay Bay all the way down to the Stratosphere, you can see everything.   Paid 120 a night for this place. This room is easily worth 3 times that.  Staff was on point with luggage and valet.   24 hour room service.   Ipod dock with speakers.   Bunch of kitchen utensils, stove, stocked mini fridge (don't even think about pulling anything out of there I can only imagine a jack daniels shooter is like 12 bucks)  Button you can flip on permanently that lights up the do no disturb sign outside your room.  Safe and 2 closets.   Comfortable couch.   Free USA today paper.  Self parking was literally a 100 foot walk to my car every time.   Did I mention it came out to 120 a night?   All in all I was real happy with the whole experience.   CONS:  At check in I found out I needed to have a 500 dollar authorization put a credit card (100 for each night). I wasn't told this at anytime by palms or the site I booked through. The front desk guy did it for 300 cash but that was money I planned on spending on coke and hookers.   No phone book in the room (personal pet peeve)  No ice machine on each floor (brought to you by room service one tiny ass bucket at a time.   Internet costs 13 bucks a day.  Long distance phone calls cost (get this) 5.00 for the first minute, 79 cents for each additional. (I found this out after I made 2 calls)  Fridge could have been bigger.   Room service costs an absolute fortune and there was some crazy 10 dollar mark up on my bill so with tip, 2 small pizzas cost me like 50 bucks.   Early check out? Doesn't exist on a Friday.  200 dollar charge if you smoke in the room.   300 dollar charge if you don't check out on time.   Check out is 11am (brutal when you were at the strip club till 3:30 am)   All in all I was amazed with the room and the view. Might be the nicest place I ever stay at but the list of cons brought it down a star for me.    The website you want to check for the best deals is www.tripres.com.
1, I had an awful experience at RRBC and I will never return again. Unfortunately, this was one of my favorite places to go, they have great food and beer. Yesterday I was there on a Sunday afternoon. The CAVS were about to play and I was excited about Kyrie returning. I asked the bartender if they could switch one of the TV's to show the CAVS games. All the TV's were displaying football games. The bartender went back and asked her manager for permission to change the channel. She got the ok, so I decided to stay and ordered food and a beer. Not to long after, a few gentlemen were upset that the TV's were switched to the CAVS game. They are all wanted to watch the Browns game, which had not even started yet. The owner came out yelling asking who wanted to watch the CAVS and seemed very upset. I felt extremely uncomfortable. My friend and I were not the only people who requested to watch the CAVS game. If it was a problem, I would have just left to another bar with no problem. They made us feel terrible. To top it off, the gentleman next to me was practically screaming in my ear and was in my person space. He then asked if I could move down a seat so a buddy of his could sit with him, and I told him no because the only TV displaying the CAVS games was in front of me and I did not want to move and not be able to see the game. I was there first and should not have to move. As soon as I said no the man got upset and was very rude to me. Starting talking bad about me to his friends and called me names. It was just unacceptable. After all that the owner and the older men at the bar kept talking crap about us wanting to watch the CAVS vs the Browns. Last time I checked the CAVS is a winning team and the Browns are not. I love Cleveland sports and if there was not a CAVS game on, I would have been happy to watch the Browns game. As I sat there trying to enjoy my meal, I felt horrible and uncomfortable. I even lost my appetite. Like I said this is a great place, but unfortunately, I will no longer give them my business. It may not be much money they lose, but I hope other people read this and decide not to go as well. I feel as though the owner should not have treated us that way. You are there to run a business and make your customers happy, not make them feel like crap. Perhaps it had to do with the fact that I am a woman, who knows. Again, I will never ever return to this place again.
4, I've gone to this nail salon about 5-6 times/year for several  years now.  For me, it's very convenient with lots of stores, restaurants and a grocery minutes away and I love that you don't need an appointment.  The color choice is huge. So in the summer when I'm running errands I can just pop in there and there's normally not more than a 5-10 minute wait, but they do take appnts and there are a lot of regular clients.  There are even a few male clients.   I also LOVE that they're open on Sunday - yay!  A nice relaxing way to treat yourself at the end of the week.  Thursday, Friday and Sat. are their busiest days, but they have a full house of manicurists to handle the crowd.  I've had various levels of quality depending on who you get, but all seem to be well trained, perform their tasks very conscientiously with good hygiene practices and are pleasant to talk to.  It also seems to be well ventilated as I don't get that overwhelming chemical smell when I walk in.  If you find someone you really like, you can always make an appnt.  I have did that once with good results as they are very punctual.  Now this is not a luxury spa where you'll be given flavored coffee while you have a pedicure, its a moderately large, nails-only salon without a lot of fluff.  My only complaint is that the other side of being punctual is that sometimes I do feel a bit rushed.  I think the prices are fair - not cheap, but  not over-priced.  There is a man that is the manager or owner who is normally in the front of the shop giving manicures and he is very friendly and knowledgeable and keeps things organized and everyone on schedule.  They also have another person in the front of the shop that is the sceduler, answes the phones, restocks supplies, etc.  I usually go for a pedicure without a massage every few months in the cold weather months to get rid of all that dried, dead skin and it feels sooo nice.  I get pedicures more frequently in the warmer months with an occasional manicure to treat myself if there's a special event coming up.  They have a long table in the front so you can sit and dry your toes or finger nails.
1, Terrible doesn't begin to describe it. We were on the VIP list, but were forced to wait in the general admission/regular list line. They refused to even check their list to see if we were on it when we first got there. After waiting an hour to get in while they let countless numbers of locals in without considering the people in line, we finally got in. We were both supposed to have free admission, and I was supposed to have free drinks until 12:30, but when we got to the cashier, she said the men's VIP list was full, even though my date had been put on it in advance, and that they weren't doing free drinks that night, even though I had been told by our promoter on the phone that they were. Needless to say, we were idiots and paid the $40 for him to get in. Once in, the bar was so crowded we couldn't find it, there was no actual dance floor, just people milling around, and the majority of the tables were empty, even though when we asked if we could get one while we were in line, they said they were booked. WTF. I would suggest NEVER bothering to go here. They were rude, and the club sucked.
4, If you're like me, you get nervous with only 9 reviews.  And so here is number 10, and I'm keeping the current faith of 4 out of 5 stars.  Normally I stay on the strip at the Mirage for about $99 a night after obnoxious resort fee.  But normally I do Sunday, Monday, Tuesdays, not popular weekends that can cost as much as $239 a night BEFORE the obnoxious aforementioned resort fee.  But I had great seats to finally see k. d. lang -- AND SO -- I went bargain shopping.  All bargains led me to the Vegas Station casinos.  And all Yelp reviews cautioned that you get what you pay for.  And so the idea of abandoning the entire casino thing hit me and I was like, hey, how about a Hampton Inn way off the strip.    Instead I found this La Quinta.  Now, compared to the rooms and pool and spectacle of the Mirage, this was a joke.  But that's like comparing Carl's Jr to Houstons.  What I wanted was an affordable weekend rate -- which with AAA it was.  I also wanted some place to eat nearby in case I didn't feel like going all the way to strip quite yet.  Was I ever rewarded for that.  Two restaurants are practically in the parking lot:  FIREFLY Spanish Tapas and SIENA Italian cuisine.  The tapas was okay, a little loud inside, but fun and cheaper than the strip.  SIENA was amazing and easily the best Italian food bargain on and off the strip (see my related review).  Both of these restaurants are important to consider, because the 'fancy' eats in the Mirage are twice the price but not twice the quality.  So here was a foodie's HUGE payoff for the gamble.  Where my partner in crime and I got hosed was the pool and hot tub.  They had one of each.  They were clean.  They were small.  Someone made a decision whether parking was more important than the pool.  Parking won, which is unfortunate, because the pool was shrunken to ensure parking.  Instead of plants around the iron gates, you could hear every last noise of the adjacent apartment building complex.  Leaf blowers, trash collecting trucks, you name it.  It's strange that it was so noisy, because the hotel was otherwise quiet and cleverly off the main drag.  The rooms were a beige blah and fake wooden furniture.  However, they were clean and the beds firm.  They do need to rework their window shades to ensure actual darkness because a ton of light pours in.  So if you're used to strip elegance and demand it, pay through the eyeballs on the weekend to get it.  If, like me, you'd rather invest that mark up in good eats and see a few shows, this may be a place to try.  By the by, if you intend to stay here but visit the strip, you'll need a car.  Twenty minutes or so each way is ridiculous in a cab.  Thankfully many strip hotels offer free parking.  One warning:  my first night of sleep was lousy.  This was the fault of the staff and not the room.  See, the room has this tricky way of working the AC, and my window AC unit should have had a sign telling me to ignore the unit's buttons and instead find the wall thermostat by the bathroom.  Basically, my best advice here - or in any such hotel when you're in this situation -- is too insist someone show you how to use it if you can't figure it out.  One cool tip:  so you don't want to feel like a loser at this place but instead sip martinis in a fancy place?  THE RED ROCK CASINO is just minutes away.  Go there.  BE fabulous.  The savings at La Quinta will buy you a dinner with those martinis.
4, Solid thai food in Old Town!  My uncle turned me on to this place a few years ago and I try to make it here at least once per visit.  To start: Siamese Kisses - I would consider these a thai version of shu mai with chicken instead of the traditional pork.  Six small dumplings stuffed with chicken and shrimp are paired with a chili paste and a soy sauce with green onion.  Very good appetizer for sharing!  Entrees: Chicken Panang Curry - Probably my favorite on the menu.  It's loaded with flavor and spice and has plenty of chicken in it!  Put that over some rice and I'm in heaven.  Drunken Dragon Noodles - I want to love it, but it just seems like another version of phad thai.  They consider it to be phad  kee mao, but I've never had phad kee mao with phad thai noodles.  I love it with the wide noodles.  I also thought the sauce should've been a little sweeter and there were way too many bean sprouts.  Flavors were decent, but I'll try something else next time.  Dessert: Mango and Sticky Rice - This stuff is so addicting with the condensed milk on top!  The service is outstanding and I love the atmosphere (even if it isn't very traditional Thai decor) and especially enjoy sitting on the patio if it's not too hot out.
5, I will have to return to write a better review. I stopped in quickly in a Saturday afternoon to get some tea (I know, I know... it's a coffee shop...Why am I getting tea??). I was in a bit of a hurry so I asked for the Alpine Berry tea to go. The lady behind the counter was very friendly. The tea was delicious and I will have to return for more stuff.    The pastry cases were very tempting. They were offering Coffee cake, Zucchini bread, Black and White cookies, and other baked goods that looked amazing.     They also had an assortment of cold drinks such as water, juice etc. The space is not very big but the vibe is very chill and I could see it being a good place to get some work or studying done. Stay tuned for an update on the coffee.   **Update: Finally went back to try the coffee on a rainy Saturday afternoon. I had called in advance to see if they offered non-dairy milk and was told they had soy and almond...Yasss! Got myself an Almond Milk Cappuccino that was perfect! Velvety frothed milk and the right amount of espresso. This is the type of place University was needing. A cute coffee shop with WiFi, friendly service (Cameron was awesome), and actual coffee/espresso.    They also offer flavor syrups that come in Sugar-Free versions (although this means they use a sugar substitute and it does have some after taste). They were also hosting lots of events in February including Speed Dating, Open Mic and Live Music.   Another cool touch were the chalkboard walls inside the restroom (see pics). Looking forward to visiting more often!
5, This place may look like an a small restaurant from the front, but once you walk inside you are surrounded with very nice and quaint atmosphere, as well as being greeted by very polite and welcoming servers and hostesses. The service they provide is excellent; they really go out of their way to keep our tables neat and presentable.   Most of the food comes in 2, which is perfect for a date night. The food there is cooked to perfection. You pay for what you get, and what you get is quality food made by talented cooks. I ordered the seared scallop carppacio and it was very good. They had a limited edition grilled jumbo shrimp on their menu so I ordered that as well and the flavours in it were really good. The server even asked us for feedback on it because it was new on their menu. I also ordered the stone grilled tajima beef. It was one of their popular dishes and it was very creatively presented. The flavours were again amazing.   As for dessert, I ordered the almond pudding. I've always loved the almond pudding from Guu, and this place makes them similar in smoothness. They added an extra fruity element to it which surprisingly blends well with the dessert.   Overall I had a pleasant experience from this place. I would definitely recommend those who like izakaya food, or want to try quality izakaya food to try here.
5, How is this place only 3 stars?  Last night was definitely a five star experience all the way.  There's ample parking behind the restaurant, which takes a bit to find but it's there.  The patio is easily one of the best in Myers Par with it's tree covered canopy, outdoor bar, firepits and yard lights.  This is easily a place you could spend a few hours having drinks and enjoying the weather.   Monday-Wednesday have drink specials so I had some strawberry and mint margarita.  It was delicious, just strong enough and only $5!!!  What????  The queso and chips were on point and so were the tacos.  Sure, some won't like that the names of the tacos are taken from movie quotes but who cares.  The Stage 5 Clinger, Looking Good Louis, I'll Have What She's Having, and the Long Duk Dong were incredible. I recommend getting a bunch and sharing as we did.      Best of all, it wasn't a budget buster.  I've been places, paid a lot more and regretted my meal. This is one I definitely plan to frequent this summer, especially out on the patio.
4, He always said we should have a nice proper steak dinner.  But every single time I'm in town, we end up skipping the whole steak thing.  But this time, his boyfriend had a client to impress, so we off we went on a steak dinner.  Yay me!  Anyhow, since it is rare back home in Honolulu to find a filet with bone in, that's what they got.  Myself, because my eating habits have changed (boo!!) I opted for the petite filet.  I know, sad, right?  I got 8 ounces of meat!  Not the 12 ounces they ordered.  I got my meat rare, cold center, hot plate.  Mmmm I just love a good piece of meat especially when you can control how you're gonna receive it.  I got it just the way I want it, which is actually hard to come by.  I'll take it the way I want it.  He says out loud, "you think you know a person," when I ordered my meat rare.  Oh, honey, you've known me for how many years now, and you still don't know how I like my meat?  As rare as can be is how I like it and I got a true piece of meat perfection.  You know that I ate all of it!  I love me some meat!  The rest of the dishes were typical.  Salads, soups, sides were just regular, nothing extraordinarily spectacular to really write about.  The portions for those items are generous, I must say.  We did order a bottle of wine to go with dinner.  I think it was a shiraz.  I didn't pick it out, but it did go well with dinner.  And since it was their birthday, there was dessert.  Not 1, but 2, since two of them were celebrating.  One was a butter cake and the other a chocolate cake.  How nice, right?  We couldn't finish the desserts, but I must say they were very rich and of course yummy.  Would I return again?  Most definitely!  It's good that this place was a nice walk from our hotel.  I sure am glad that they are open late, since my eating habits were out of wack.  I love me some meat!!
4, I, along with three friends, went to this location on Saturday night. It was very busy, and there were lines, but they moved along pretty quickly. The Dining Host table gave us an estimate for the wait for a table, and they were pretty much on the mark! We played several of the MANY, many games until we received the text message that our table was ready. I was impressed with the menu!  Great selections, including beer and mixed drinks. The only reason that this review is not 5-star goes to food service. Let me be clear... the selection was great, and the food quality was great, but the service was struggling. We had a wonderful  waitress - very friendly and knowledgeable, but either she was overwhelmed, OR they aren't properly organized. I don't attribute that to her, but to food service management. We had a very good meal, but it took a long time. The waitress got her full tip, management got four stars instead of five. All that being said - go there!  It is so much fun! Everyone enjoyed the evening and we will return soon.
1, Service department was horrible. The service advisor performed the intake and tries selling me on getting new times from him. Bragged that he could match or beat any other tire shop in town even if it's by a few dollars! He then said except for Costco because they "don't sell real tires". I said what the heck does that mean? He said the tires Costco sells aren't the same even though they look like the tire everyone else sells. Told him he needs to stop telling that story because he's making himself look bad. He then says he will keep in touch with me throughout the day and keep me informed of their progress. At 4:45 I call and leave him a message! He finally calls back and says it's ready. Not even an apology for not keeping me informed or taking 9 hours for what was supposed to be 4-6. I get there and he doesn't go over any of the paperwork and when I ask him where the quote is for the break job he blames the tech forgot to add it to the paperwork. Tells me he will call me the next day with a price... still no call. Won't be going back!
1, The food was actually great, but one star for the horrendous service. I can't speak for all of the servers, but don't come here if you're looking for a good dining experience. Our service was awful.  My boyfriend and I ordered the sirloin with the soup, salad, and dessert ($32 combo). The server never introduced herself, never tried to have a conversation with us, never explained anything on the menu nor the concept, nor once tried to treat us like we were anything other than just another check.  When we ordered, we made one single substitution to the combo: we swapped out the profiteroles for creme caramel (a $0.50 difference). That fifty cent substitution came back as a fifteen dollar increase on our bill. The waitress then decided that was the appropriate time to explain they have a no substitution policy, so she "had to" ring up each item in the combo individually. Midway through the conversation with my boyfriend, she tossed the receipt at him, walked 10 feet away, and turned her back to us until we paid. Unbelievable. Once we paid the ridiculously inflated bill and tipped, she proceeded to start an unsolicited argument with us about how the charges were justified.  Anyway, they have one single item on the menu: the steak. It's excellent.
4, My husband and I have brought our son to see both a Pediatric Urologist and a Pediatric Neurologist at Phoenix Children's Hospital, as well as having had services like MRI's conducted at the hospital.   Each experience has been positive - as far as any medical visit could be.   The waits haven't been long.  The staff has been courteous.  The followup has been great.   The facilities are gorgeous.     I would add a couple of opportunities for improvement (which is why there is one star missing from this review).  First, I think that they should add the ability to send email confirmations for appointments.   (In the one instance, the hospital called to schedule an MRI while we were on vacation and I had no way to write down the appointment time.  When I asked if they could send me an email confirmation, they said they weren't set up to do that).   The second opportunity is with the main parking garage.  The security guards were "quizzing" us as to the purpose of our visit.   My husband and I were both perplexed as to the line of questioning.  I think they should coach the security staff to phrase the question better -- especially if it's meant to be helpful.  Other than that, I recommend this hospital, services, and staff to any parent who needs pediatric services.  This is a top notch hospital!!!
2, I used to be a regular here. The staff are organized and the mechanics do good work, so I'm disappointed to say that I got taken for a ride.  Long story short, due to ownership changes, I took the same car in for an inspection to get a safety certificate twice within a few months. Safety certs are a bit ridiculous because you're basically handing the shop a blank cheque -- no cert, no vehicle permit. For unscrupulous shops, the money isn't in the $100 cert, it's in 'finding' urgent items to repair.  Conveniently, both times, they found $800 of different repairs that were needed. I'm not sure they were aware that they had very recently looked at the exact same car. I know enough about cars to know that some was legit and would have been due within a few months anyways, but some was definitely not. Prime example: They told me the driver's seat bracket was badly rusted, causing it to have loosened and wobble against to the frame. I pulled out the flashlight and didn't see rust, but it did wobble, so I gave them the benefit of the doubt. So a replacement seat was installed and I got my cert. Sure enough, it still wobbles. Zero difference, except that it I was $500 poorer, and apparently this invisible rust is gone. Such an insult.  This place is fine for a tire change, but if you're looking for a shop you can trust, I'm sorry to say that you'll need to keep looking.
1, Here we are take 2 of coming to the new one with my soulmate. First experience bacon they served at dinner was from lunch. I was been offered Big Bear bucks that never came in the mail. So when my mom came to visit we came again then I told the manager that my big bear bus never came so she gave me  20 dollars in big bucks 2 that expire in 16 2 that expire in 2017.   So coming in today very hungry took 5 minutes to even get a drink. And that was from somebody that wasn't even our server took our order without a pen and didn't even get it right. order wasnt taken for 10 minutes and  get my coffee , 30 minutes to find out that my food isn't even being cooked and now that it did it is rushed bread and sammich different temps and some nice grissle from the grill and no one is even come over to say we're really sorry about that your food's coming up right now. 40 mins now after writing this. Finally get my food. Thankfully I'm not allergic to tomato's that are hiding on my plate they left.  Fries are half old half 3rd degree burn in my mouth.
5, My daughter took both a classroom section, and 2 behind the wheel 3 hour drives.  The classroom section was a bit boring to her as I am sure it would be to any almost 16 year old.  It was required for our insurance discount, and I also felt like it was important because it's been years since I have had to test for my license and I wanted to make sure she was actually getting correct information.  She ended up having friends in the class since most kids seem to go to this school so she was happy about that.  After you take the in class instruction you are eligible for the behind the wheel.  My daughters instructor was Joe Navarro, and he was AMAZING.  Very patient and very thorough.  He came to our home and explained everything to all three of us as far as where they would be going, what they would be working on, and when to expect them back.  He asked if there was anything specific that we wanted him to work with her on, and if there was anything specific that she was unsure of in her driving or that she just needed more practice with.  She had been driving quite a bit with me so I was curious to hear his opinion of her driving.  When they came back 3 hours later he gave me a pretty detailed list (which I appreciated) of the positives, and the things that needed improvement.  Then he gave her some homework that she should do before she takes her driving test 6 weeks away.  One thing he told me as a parent that I really appreciated was the DMV will have them pull out of the lot, and take 4 right turns, then either parallel park or do the 3 point turn.  As a parent you want to be confident that your kid can really master several different driving situations, not just go around the block and park.  I took that to heart because I want to be confident knowing that she really is a good driver before she gets that license.  I feel like Joe really cares about turning out good drivers, not just helping kids pass that test.
4, How can only one other person have reviewed Childsplay?  Are yelpers not parents as well?  Ok, technically, I'm not a parent by biological means.  I'm a Step-Mom.  The friggin' best Step-Mom you're ever gonna meet!  I'm recommended by 100% of my step-children and their father as well.  Sorry, enough about me.  Let's talk about how great I am to have taken my youngest Steppie to see "Peter and the Wolf."  Thanks to her Music teacher, who teaches to the only class of redeeming value being taught in the "Excelling" Scottsdale Unified School District, dear Steppie has fallen in love with Sergei Prokofiev's "Peter and the Wolf."  She will hum the different instruments' parts while riding in the back seat of the car and will yell out, "Guess which animal that was!"  She's adorable.    There I go on another tangent.  Apologies.  When I saw that Childsplay was offering this adaptation of PATW, I figured it was time to expose the child to a little culture and the great world of...The Stage!  It was presented at Tempe Center of the Arts (which will receive a positive review from me when time allows) in their Studio.  This offered an excellent, up-close view of the little stage from pretty much and seat in the house.  The actors and their costumes really made this a treat for both kids and adults.  As any Muppet Movie of the 1980s will exemplify, the presentation must be entertaining more to the children's parents than to the children themselves.  Why?  If we A-dults sufficiently hate the means of entertainment that our little ones enjoy ever so much, we will find ways for said means to be accidentally, say, sucked up by the vacuum, or buried in the litter box, or somehow otherwise rendered unplayable.  Even if it means seeing the pall of disappoint envelop their cherubic faces, it also means never hearing that damn, purple dinosaur sing another creepy, mind-consuming ditty.  The cast was made up of truly talented and enthusiastic artists.  Sure, there was a bit of "over-acting," but this was a Childsplay production, not a staging of "Remains of the Day."  The costuming was brilliant, detailed, and full of color and texture.  And the Q and A session held after the performance allowed for the children to come up to the stage to speak to their favorite characters, ask questions about method-acting and stage production, etc.  Completely affordable and a fun afternoon that my step-daughter is still talking about six weeks later.
5, I can't say enough about this hotel. It is truly one of the friendliest and professional hotels we have stayed in. This downtown building is a short block away from the David L Lawless Convention Center. My stay was most enjoyable! We were a group of 4 adults.  Upon arrival we were greeted by their doormen who after helping us from the car, removed our luggage and took it inside by the check-in desk for us. We were greeted by Jose and Derek who took care of all our needs in a very professional manner as they described all the  available amenities. The building itself is a former Federal Reserve bank with the high ceilings and attractive decor. Two large vault doors remain on the lower level which make an attractive conversation piece. FREE breakfast and dinner are served daily with a friendly working staff. Free coffee, tea, soda fountain drinks and fresh popped corn are available around the clock. A friendly bar is located on the 2nd level. Bartender Jill was super friendly and knowledgable. We really had a great time mingling with other guests. The rooms are kept very clean and housekeeping left us a friendly note.... nice touch. Oh, and let's not forget the snack room, where you can purchase a variety of snacks, drinks, and the toothbrush and etc. you may have forgotten. And youcan take those snacks or food up to the 8th floor outdoor roof setting. You need your room card with you at all times to gain entry to your room, elevator, snack room, pool, rooftop, jacuzzi and exercise room.
4, Ambiance: 4. Small and intimate both inside and out, the new restaurant allows you to feel connected to the neighborhood surroundings as well as the wait staff and cooks.  We sat outside with a great backdrop of the botanical gardens and Glidden House next door (along with a seemingly full working outdoor "kitchen') which I highly recommend (far more spacious than what can be a claustrophobics nightmare inside). That said, one caveat is the bianco and pasta tasting menus are only available indoors.  Cost: 3. Foodie-sized portions are taken to another level here versus some other spots in Cleveland. Also, tickets for the indoor tasting are more expensive for walk-ups than buying tickets online ahead of time ($100 for bianco) - fair? Probably not. The staff, experience, and of course food are no doubt are the cause of the extra money you're spending... which felt well worth it.  Food Quality: 5. Trentina's menu is modeled after Northern Italian cuisine. We had salad, the infamous Strangolapreti, lamb shoulder, and beef brisket (true outside grilling fun). All were A+, except for the lamb shoulder which personally was just a little on the fatty side for me, even understanding it's lamb. For desert, try the olive oil ice cream, it's fairly dense but a delicious gamechanger.  Service: 5. Service was prompt and courteous. Both J. Sawyer & his restaurant manager were heavily involved making sure both patio and indoor diners were happy.  When to return: Showing off Cleveland to foodies. Summertime to sit on the patio. Small group special occasion (the inside seating is limited). When you need a break from the E 4th / Ohio City / Tremont food scenes.
5, I used to work as a waitress at this restaurant's original incarnation (Amelio's est. 1985) in 2003 when I was at university so I can you that not only is the food DELICIOUS, this is a lovely family restaurant that treats its staff very well.   I thought they'd closed down so I was ecstatic when my boyfriend found out they reopened as Amelia's with the daughter at the helm, how wonderful to see this awesome family business continue past its 30th year! I love supporting local companies and this is the real deal.  Now on to the food! There's a reason that every crop of McGill students learns of Amelia's and quickly sees it as a staple. Not only are the prices reasonable, it's BYO and group-friendly for before a big night out. It was not uncommon when I worked there for groups of 8 to show up with a couple of boxes of wine and have a great time before hitting the night life. Now I happen to prefer a better quality to drink myself, but love that this joint is casual enough to cater to that crowd and nice enough to suit my needs as a young professional as well.   The white pizza (5-cheese) is a MUST. I highly recommend sharing one small, medium or large with your table as it's a little intense to eat alone but absolutely TO DIE FOR. You must try it as nature intended, but a great hack from my waitressing days is to ask them to add tomato slices & garlic for even more flavour. Just adding mushrooms is another fav.   The Florentine pizza with artichoke hearts and spinach is also amazing, and often gets overshadowed by the white but very subtle and delicious flavors. Only available as a small, so bear that in mind! The vegetarian is delicious and has a sauce base that includes eggplant. The Reuben pizza is basically a smoked meat sandwich in a pizza, complete with sauerkraut and mustard on the side - definitely not for the faint of heart but we'll worth it if you love meat and want the adventure. If you're a first-timer I'd definitely suggest splitting that with a more standard pizza,  though. Or the White :)  You really can't go wrong with the pizzas, and any small can be done in whole wheat dough which is great if you wanna be a bit healthier. They aren't intended to be Italian-style thin crust pizzas so do be aware of that. The crust is fluffy, buttery, almost pastry-like (I believe they use Crisco shortening in the dough) so expect more of a New York style slice. I almost never eat crusts from pizzas but I always finish theirs, they're so good!!   The little salads that come with each order are lovely and give you that valuable extra greenery before say, eating 5 melted cheese on dough!! And their subs and pastas are great too, but the pizzas really do shine here.   If you get dessert, the cheesecake was always my favourite, and all desserts are made in-house.  Note that it's cash only, so come prepared! One of my fav things to do is get dinner here before catching a rep film at Cinema Du Parc. They stop taking customers at 9 (but you can be seated until 9 and stay until 10) so plan accordingly.  You will have an awesome meal, promise :)
2, Pros  The Flamingo in Las Vegas is in a convenient location on the strip a stone's throw from some of the major casinos and resorts. The staff is extremely professional and amicable. We dealt with Brian at the front desk and Jeanette in guest services both of whom were friendly.  Cons  Despite it's nice location, the room itself was rather gross. To start, the rates online were different than those that we paid. We wanted to pay in cash so we figured we would be better off making the reservation in person. After watching 3 desk agents get up and never come back there was a crowd full of people with only 2 staff members present. After finally making it to the front after 35 or 40 minutes the rates that we ended up paying were not those online but we were both so tired it wasn't even worth bringing up. Five minutes after putting our bags down we realized we made a mistake booking the hotel and wish we had only paid for one night upfront instead of two. There were black stains on the white shower curtain, hairs on the ceiling, mildew in the shower, no fan in the bathroom, no towel hooks in the wall and nicks on the wall. I was looking forward to taking a bath upon arrival but as soon as I saw the tub I knew I would wait until I went back home. Some of the appliances in the room were unplugged forcing us to move the furniture to plug it in ourselves. The sheets were coming off the bed and continued to do so for the rest of our stay. In terms of the WiFi, it was decent but on the slow end and only allowed for 2 devices to be connected at once. The room did not come with a refrigerator or microwave and if we wanted a fridge it was an additional $15 per night not including taxes. There was a constant and unpleasant odor that permeated throughout our room for the 2 nights we stayed. The walls are rather thin so when the people staying to the left of us were in their room we could actually hear the conversation clearly...from our bed...across the room. To top it off the air conditioner was extremely loud and rather irritating. The pools were alright. The pool for those over 21 looked fun but busy while the beach club pool was extremely overcrowded. We left before we even sat down after considering paying the $200 for a cabana just so we would not have to sit an inch away from strangers on either side of us. In addition you weren't allowed to bring water and bags are searched. If water is found they will make you throw it away or the security will not allow you in. Despite the friendliness of the staff and it's location I would never recommend this hotel to anyone. Overall it was a rather gross experience. Honestly if I could have I would have gone back downstairs and immediately after check in and asked for a refund but we couldn't do so without a cancellation fee so we decided to stick it out. I wish we had though.   The two nights before, we stayed in Tuscany Casino just off the strip and both of us wish we hadn't left. Even though it was 10 mins farther by walking we were better off with a more low key pool, and a room 3 times the size for a better price. Don't make the same mistake we did. Either pay more for a better hotel or stay at Tuscany if you don't mind walking farther.
3, Cute little, modern looking, BBQ and whiskey bar.  Their collection of whiskey is very impressive.  Interior is compact but very cozy and appealing with great style.  A good bar to drink at and watch ChiveTV.  Staff is all very friendly and personable.   Food is very bland however.  Besides their spicy bbq sauce everything is VERY mediocre and I hope they change their menu around.  With BBQ places at every crossroad basically, I don't see these guys sticking around for too long.  I had a $14 chop salad which had chicken.  I expected fresh grilled chicken but it came out from the fridge and I had to salt and pepper the shit out of the salad to get some kind of taste. I ended up leaving the chicken. The chopped pork was decent, nothing special TBH.  The Mac and cheese could have had more cheese and flavor.    The best food item in all reality was their complimentary corn bread.  That shit was goooood!  I hope the chef makes big changes to the menu because this place has big big big potential and I want to see it do well.  Like I said the staff was awesome and most of all kind.
5, Hidden under a residential building next to the bright yellow doors of neighbouring Westlodge, Patria holds true to the saying 'good things are hard to find'.  In fact if you aren't paying attention while walking along King, you just might miss it!  Upon entry into the restaurant it doesn't take one long to realize that Patria is truly a hidden gem.  From the marble bar, beautiful gold framed paintings in the lounge, to the cross-stitch art installation on the wall by the stairs - it seems that every detail was considered in its creation, as the restaurant is absolutely stunning!  The restaurant and bar area exude a vibrant ambiance, as the place is always lively. I definitely recommend making reservations in advance, in order to avoid any dissapointment, as I truly believe that Patria is a must try for everyone in this city!  Patria is a modern take on traditional spanish tapas.  As the restaurant encourages the sharing of dishes...as it is a tapas restaurant after all....our party dined on the 'paella del Patria' (made with langostine, shrimp, mussels, cuttlefish, monkfish, snap peas), 'chorizo', 'D.O. Murcia al vino' ('drunken goat cheese' immersed and aged for 75 days in local Murcian wine), 'croquetas jamon (ham croquettes with aioli)', 'ensalada de alcachofas' (salad with shaved fennel, radish, manchego, and artichokes), 'ensalada de aguacate' (salad made with butter lettuce, avocado, goat cheese, and quince dressing), 'calamares frito', and 'churros' (with dulce de lechee) for dessert.  I have to say that the food was all well presented and extremely flavourful!  There was also a wide selection of Spanish wines to accompany its savoury menu - we went with the Emina Rosado and were not disappointed in the least!   To top it all off, the service was excellent as the staff were all very friendly, fun, and extremely knowledgeable.  It is beyond doubt that the staff really take pride in the restaurant and in what they do.  We had the pleasure of being served by Natasha - she knew the menu inside and out and her recommendations were spot on!    Patria is definitely a restaurant worth returning to, and I absolutely encourage you to try it for yourselves!
5, The best thing about this radio station: Chet Buchanan and the Morning Zoo.  I have never been a fan of morning shows. Even back in CA, when I was driving through rush hour traffic in the morning, I was constantly annoyed that the talk shows in the morning barely played any music...I'd be flipping through stations the entire commute, or digging up an old CD to listen to.  But Chet and his crew completely changed my perception on morning shows, and I discovered they could be enjoyable.  The wit, humor, and entertainment on this show cannot be compared to anything else. At least three times during the morning, you will get to hear Carlos Diaz's Extra Entertainment Report, where he will indeed give you the most updated celeb gossip...with commentary of course from the peanut gallery (i.e. Chet, Spence, and Lauren). I find the background comments most amusing, because you have to listen hard to pick up on the humor, but once you do, you are cracking up in the shower or in the car on the way to work. There is also Gary Spivey, the psychic, who appears on the show once a week, and takes calls from the viewers. Then there's Group Therapy, where they will answer a relationship question of the week. The crew also has random contests and questions they'll throw out at the listeners, asking them to call in. The morning phone scams are hilarious as well.  I'm not going to lie, I'm so obsessed with this show, I friended the radio station and Chet Buchanan on myspace! Maybe one day I'll get to meet them. :)
5, I went with my friends here twice for dinner and they consistently provided great service.   The food is good. The first time we went, I tried the meatball spaghetti. I couldn't finish it. It was ginormous! Also, the meatball tasted undercooked. I like my steak medium rare so I have no problem with somewhat raw food... But the meatball had the consistency of a meatball being uncooked. I actually stopped eating to take a moment to check if it is cooked.  It was brown, or, well, it's a dark place, I wouldn't be able to tell even if it was red actually, so scratch that.  The point is, the meatball didn't taste cook.    Like everyone is saying, get the charity bread! First time I went, I wanted to get seconds because I was sharing it.  By the 2nd visit, I got my own.  I also like the fact that for the pasta, you can choose your size, pretty much S, M, L.  If you're ordering appetizers, small is good for you, unless you are a hungry man/woman, then go medium.  I think large is meant for sharing.  Overall, go back there again again for the environment and the service.
4, I love the food in New Orleans, so I was looking forward to trying this place out. The staff was very friendly, and great with answering any questions. I ordered a lot of food, but I wanted to try a lot  of items. I had the Crawfish Chowder, Red Beans and Rice, Jambalaya, and some free Hush Puppies for checking in on Yelp. The crawfish chowder was good, with a bit of a black pepper kick, which I liked. I'd probably enjoy eating this more when it isn't 110 degrees outside....haha. The red beans and rice was ok, but I was a little disappointed. I love red beans and rice, so I supposed I expected too much. The jambalaya was good, but I was hoping it would be a little better. It was quite tasty, though. The hush puppies were really good. I don't think I was expecting them to be as good as they were. I liked the food, but if you're looking for something comparable to food in New Orleans, I don't think this is the place. It would be better to come here without those expectations. I did enjoy my experience, and I did enjoy the food. If I'm ever in this part of town, I wouldn't have a problem stopping by again.
5, De Luca's was featured on Man V Food - Pittsburgh. I had been going to this place since my junior year at CMU and I find it to be the best breakfast place I have ever eaten at. Whenever I go back to Pittsburgh to visit friends or for Steelers games, I always try and hit up Pramanti Brothers, William Penn for the the Kitchen Sink Wings and De Luca's for their breakfast.  Well. There is always a line to this place. I've seen it go around the block sometimes but there are also times when you can be the first in line. It all depends on what the crowd is like. This place specializes in breakfast but you can also get lunch food as well. You have to pay cash and you will most likely not find street parking anywhere near there so look for a lot or try the streets around it. The place is ALWAYS crowded so if you see some seats open at the bar, grab them cuz those are first come first serve.  Onto breakfast, I've tried a lot of their options but I love their Steak Mixed Grill. This gets me a sliced medium rare steak, 2 eggs over easy, veggies, sweet roast peppers, tomatoes and home fries. This meal was one of the dishes that Adam Richmond ate when he went there for Man V Food. I'll usually get this with a strawberry milkshake (which is enormeous) and that will completely fill me up.  I've also had the eggs benedict which is really good, the famous breakfast burrito (best breakfast burrito I've ever eaten), the buttermilk pancakes (better than Pamela's short cakes) and a Greek Omelette.  However, I now that I only go back to Pittsburgh once or twice a year, I usually just get the steak mixed grill. De Luca's is so much better than Pamela's and Pamela's is a really good breakfast place too. I definitely love coming here.
5, To me a five star establishment surpasses all levels of service.   This place's ambiance and decor is relaxing yet has lots of character. It's dim but well lit enough to do some studying or any kind of work (which you'll see many people do here). Lots of little statues and books that give it character.   The actual product is great. I ordered an iced golden lychee tea and a ham and cheese croissant. Both had lots of flavor and I thoroughly enjoyed it along with the ambiance.  The service is fantastic. A friendly hello as soon as you walk in, everyone looks relaxed and happy, and for the most part they leave you alone to enjoy your coffee/tea unless you need something. I received my tea in a few minutes after ordering and croissant about 10 minutes after ordering.   The price is very reasonable. For my tea and croissant sandwich, I paid about $9. I love that some places keep their product high with reasonable pricing.   Little add on- The place is extremely clean including the restrooms and there are tons of options from coffee to tea to desserts to smoothies to specialty drinks and some sandwiches. Will definitely come back and look forward to trying more things!
4, Lets just say that any place that has footlong sandwiches for less than $3 automatically gets at least 3 stars. I've had sandwiches in more authentic places and honestly, they werent that much better. For those people who are not so keen into the Vietnamese style sandwiches they do have delicious sandwiches on buttery broissants for not too much more. Lee's seems to do a little bit of everything, and they do it pretty decently. The smoothies and boba here are pretty run of the mill, nothing too special. The gelato is sub-par compared to other places nearby. However, the danishes and baked goods are pretty good and all for a good price. I would stay away from the lettuce-ridden goi-cuon(vietnamese summer rolls) and the pate chauds which are more of a hassle to clean up than anything and way too much work to get at the tiny ball of pate in the middle. Some shining stars there are the grilled pork sandwich, the special combination sandwich, and the hot ham and cheese croissant pastries(make sure to get there early so these are fresh).  Don't forget to bring cash although they do have an atm right in the middle of the restaurant.
5, Dr. Laurie is an amazing chiropractor. I have been going to her for 3 years and she has never failed to treat my  aches and pains as the greatest urgency at her office.  Today, I went to see her because of terrible pain in my shoulder and neck. When I arrived, I couldn't turn my head at all, by the time I left, I had full range of motion. This is the norm when I am treated by her.  When needed, her massage therapists work in conjunction with her to release tension prior to adjustments and they too are very skilled and experts in targeting the areas that are causing the pain.   My work causes me to sit in static positions for hours every day and the strain of that causes my neck to lock up several times a year. Every time that happens, I know I can count on Dr. L and her team to be there for me and fix me so that I can get back to work as quickly as possible and be healthy and pain free.  She has adjusted my feet when I have had pain similar to plantar faciitis and, every time I've had that issue, I've hobbled in to see her and walked out pain free. It seems like she is violently shaking my foot (which does not hurt at all), but she is actually giving me a targeted and accurate adjustment. (I've tried violently shaking my foot on my own the way I've seen her do it when I've had that pain with no success)  A year ago I referred a friend who could not extend his arm due to an elbow injury and he now almost has full range of motion after being treated by Dr. Laurie.  I have learned after going to Dr. Laurie that chiropractic is not neck twisting and it's not only for back and neck. She can help with every part of the body that has a bone and she has never twisted my neck in any of my treatments.  I am very grateful to have met her and always am so thankful every time I visit her office.
5, I LOVE this place!!! I'm so happy they opened this location since it's closer to my house! Both locations on Osborn and Shea never disappoint! Always excellent food and excellent service. We come here all the time and I'm in love with their coffee and skillets.   Today was my Birthday and of course wanted to go to my ALL time FAVORITE breakfast spot, US EGG. Our server was wonderful, I think her last/first name was Galloway?  I told her it was my birthday so I was gonna order a mimosa with my coffee. I also decided to order something different today. I ordered off the secret menu and got their jalapeño scramble! So delicious and I loved the fresh jalapeños! It wasn't very spicy which was nice!!! Towards the end of the meal she brought me out a complimentary protein pancake for my Birthday! So amazing! I was so shocked and happy!   I truly am in love with this place! The best service I've ever had truly. I will continue to be a word of mouth for this establishment! Thank you always for the wonderful service and food!
1, If only 0 stars was an option: Worst haircut ever.   After moving to Toronto for the summer I realized that I would need to get a haircut at some point while I was here. After doing a bit of research I found this place and saw that they had a Groupon. I bought the Groupon and booked a hair appointment which ended up being with Azar.   When i got there, I was greeted by a friendly receptionist and served tea and biscuits as others described (pretty normal for any higher end hair salon) and was brought to my seat. Azar and I spoke about how I wanted a small trim, keeping my hair long which is the way I liked it. From the start it seemed as though she wasn't really listening to what I was saying and had her own vision for what she wanted to do. However, when she showed me what she wanted to cut off, which was approximately 1 inch, I thought that it would all end up ok because WHO can't do a basic trim!? Apparently Azar can't.   I walked out today with approximately 3-4 inches off of my hair, not a trim by anyone's standards. I was holding back tears the whole way home because of how horrible it is. Not only that, but she did not layer my hair as I asked nor did she straighten my hair like I requested. She instead, did some form of weird blowout saying that she thought I might like it "naturally straightened" and then when i reminded her i wanted it actually straight, she did a half-ass job to try and please me.  I'm sorry Azar, you are extremely nice but you need to learn to listen. I have always loved my hair and now I can't stop crying at the sight of it.  P.S. If that wasn't enough, there was a deep-conditioning treatment included in the Groupon which involved sitting under heat to activate it. I was told she would be back in 10 minutes, however I was left stranded under this boiling heat for 20-25 minutes.
4, Pop Up Pizza was conveniently located next to the elevator going to my room, so of course I had to try it. If you're staying at Plaza, look out for their coupon too! My welcome booklet came with a deal on two slices of cheese and a drink, but I just asked if I could pay a little extra for toppings.  The storefront is cool looking and they were playing a lot of dubstep...probably because it was EDC week. The workers there were friendly, and even though there is no soda fountain outside, you can still get free refills of your drink by asking.  I got a slice of their White Chapel pizza (ricotta and spinach) as well as a generic meat lovers. The White Chapel is sooo goooood! The other one was tasty too, but I preferred the White Chapel despite the lack of meat. The slices are pretty big, and I really liked the crisp yet chewy crust. Dare I say I liked it better than Secret Pizza, a Vegas joint on the strip that also has NY style pizza? What they have on this place is location, but Pop Up Pizza is cheaper, faster, and equally (if not more) delicious.   Food: 4, Service: 4, Environment: 4, Price: 3
1, This is, by far, the worst Chick-fil-A that I've ever been to. My family and I love Chick-fil-A and would regularly drive to eat at one when there wasn't one nearby.   First visit: Went through the drive-through. The employees were friendly, but the food was lukewarm. One of the best things about Chick-fil-A is that their food is always hot and fresh. Not so on that visit.  Second visit: Dined in. Another great thing about Chick-fil-A is that their restaurants are always clean and well-maintained. Again, not so. The tables were dirty and sticky. Also, our sandwiches and fries were lukewarm. The visit was disappointing and definitely not up to the usual Chick-fil-A standard.  Third visit: Went through the drive-through for breakfast. There were 3 or 4 cars ahead of us when we pulled up. For some reason, it took nearly 50 minutes to get our food. When we did get it, out of four items, one was wrong and one was burnt. In over a decade of eating at Chick-fil-A, I have never had burnt food from Chick-fil-A. I took the receipt and the two items inside to exchange them, and I asked to speak to the manager. The manager refused to speak with me and told the girl to tell me that he was too busy. This all happened about 10 feet away so I was able to see and hear the whole thing. There were 2-3 employees standing around who could have taken over bagging food, but he wouldn't speak to me.   We haven't been back to the Surprise location and won't go back until some major changes are made.
1, Super nice inside good music mix of hip-hop and house dj was putting it down ! The downside is the staff ! Security is rude as hell racist if you ask me ! They said no tennis shoes ..... I'm wearing a $200 pair of Jordan's these aren't some beat down raggedy kicks so I went to my MERCEDES ( yeah I'm not broke but they treat you like that unless they know you or you buy bottle service haha ) and changed shoes but when I got inside I seen white guys wearing tennis shoes so I'm thinking really it's like that ????? But I'm not gonna let that ruin my night so we drank and danced it was cool plus they have a super huge nice patio with chairs heat lamps and hookah ! The waitresses were hot and the bartenders but the drinks were weak as hell and overpriced but that's Vegas unless you know where to go for locals. The female bartender sucked just because you're hot doesn't mean you should be a bartender !!!!!  I knew I was in for it when I asked her to put my ciroc in a bucket glass and she said " what's a bucket glass ? " I was like OMG you're a bartender and you don't know what a bucket glass is ..... really ????? So then I kept going back to the guy bartender who actually poured a decent drink and knew what a bucket glass is so he got my business and tips ! Make it sweet and short good time with friends but pricey drinks, rude security and dumb bartender but the guy bartender made up for it so maybe I'll go back but definitely not one of my top five ! It's to bad that the staff can ruin such a nice place with a great set up ! Oh btw do not run an open tab  with the waitresses !!!!! They ran my boys tab up over $400 and when we look at the receipt they had stuff on there that we never ordered obviously tryna increase sales and get a bigger tip !!!!! We were not happy to say the least but yes they'll take advantage of you thinking you're drunk and won't look over your tab !!!!!
5, I've done several escape rooms in the Pigeon Forge area, but Masterpiece Escapes was our first Charlotte area adventure.  This was hands down THE BEST one that we've done so far!  My husband, twenty year old son, and I decided to attempt the "Missing" room. The waiting area is sparce and might make you second guess your decision to choose this particular venue -- DON'T WORRY! The owners have poured their love and expertise into the actual rooms themselves!  There are so many things that I'd love to share about "Missing", but don't want to give anything away.  I can say that you start outside a cabin in the woods at night and Masterpiece Escapes has done a great job of setting that mood!  Creeeeepy! I can also say that "Missing" had more rooms than we had encountered at previous escape rooms and at times had me saying, "You expect me to go where?!"  This particular room made great use of sound as a tool for building suspense as well as for heightening your urgency to complete the tasks quickly -- all in all, a totally immersive experience.  My son and I said later that not one time did anyone feel compelled to look at a cell phone or even think about anything other than what we were trying to accomplish.  The room provided us with a fun opportunity to come together as a family to try to meet a common goal.  The puzzles were tricky, but solvable with the items at hand and there were several that could be worked on simultaneously -- which would be especially nice with a larger group as there's not much fun in just watching a few people solve a puzzle.  I highly recommend Masterpiece Escapes -- can't wait to come back!
1, On Veterans Day we were dinning at Denny's next door. They came in yelling that if anyone had parked in their parking lot they had tow trucks coming.  Apparently whoever was managing that day was making sure that people were getting towed if they felt the vets were not at Wendy's but Denny's. Not that I don't agree that if it happens on a regular basis it should be addressed.  I mean it's one day a year.  All the times I've gone through there NO ONE was searching for parking in order to go eat at Wendy's. No better way to not get people to frequent your establishment then throwing a fit! GREAT JOB MANAGER! I actually use to work for Wendy's when I was a kid but I find this behavior disgusting. Also to be noted I had ordered from this location previously had they'd gotten it wrong a few times. The unpatriotic behavior just sealed the deal and I will no longer be going to any Wendy's establishment. I'm sure the gaggle of vets that were there will no longer be purchasing anything from their either.
2, Don't really care what Gados from the radio says, I could have done it better myself.  Painted the rest of the house myself but had a baby on the way so I thought I would go with the AZ Painting Company to save some time on the remainder.  I had used them before to paint my garage door, front door and fix a crack in the garage ceiling.  They came out and gave me a quote on the living room and nursery, even said they would fix the garage ceiling from the last time they did it because it looked so bad.  $850, roughly 700 sq. ft.  They told me it would take one day and they would have 2 crews.  Guy showed up the first day by himself and 3.5 hours late without any idea of the job he was supposed to do and with an attitude.  Obviously, he could not do it all.  He painted just the nursery that day and was here until 8 pm.  Next time I scheduled them for 9:30 am and stressed I don't get home from work until then. The contractors came out 3 hours early and had to wait on me to get home from work (I work midnights).  These guys had no idea they even had to paint the living room and just thought they were painting the garage.  They didn't bring the right equip to retexture the garage, because once again they had no idea they were doing it, and had to go buy a hopper. They had to come back a third time to finish the inside.  Well upon inspection of the living room I noticed all kinds of light spots where they didn't cover the wall right and they didn't even remove the outlet covers or vent covers, just did a horrible job cutting in around them.  A Real rush job.  Called the company and the guy came out again to fix the light spots.  He did not fix them correctly.  Now I have a front living room where if you look at it from a 45 degree it looks like a novice first attempt at painting by a beginner and a garage ceiling that doesn't look much better than before.  They knocked $250 off the price but I believe in opportunity cost, the foregone cost of my time.  Even boarded my dog an extra day and took a couple hours vacation from work.  Taking 4 days to get it done wrong instead of the quoted one to do it right isn't even what bothers me the most, it's the complete lack of communication, scheduling and knowledge of what they were supposed to be doing!  I will be repainting the front living room myself and looking elsewhere if I need further "professional painting".
4, This park is located on the West side of town which is out of my way. Nevertheless, I make the drive a few times a week or at least on weekends. As many others have noted, this park is HUGE. It has a walking/running track, tennis courts, a basketball court, and a long grass field which can used as a soccer, baseball and a football field. It's nice watching kids play, couples jogging and dog owners walking their dogs. Hearing laughter and playful sounds from people at the park is always welcome. Personally, one of the main reasons I come to this park is the views it offers from the top overlooking the field below. It also gives you a great view of the sunset as the sun settles down behind the mountain. Another reason why I frequent this park, it's because I write songs as a hobby and this setting helps me relax and rest while thinking of lyrics to write.  Anyways, there is plenty of parking on the north and south side which both lots can be access through Decatur and Tropicana. It's quite pleasant and shall continue my visits to this scenic place. So for those of you who enjoy going to parks but haven't made it to this one, check it out. Charlie Frias Park might become one of your favorites.
5, Copa Cabana really never disappoints. We've been three times now and it's our go-to for a special occasion. Yes, you're paying a lot but the food is top quality and it's all you can eat so obviously that makes it worth it!   Service: Friendly and fast hostess'. The servers are very accommodating and always willing to get you what you want. We mentioned to a server or two that we were waiting on the cheese stuffed prime rib and they proceeded to return with it for the rest of the night (instantly they were my best friends). They have a time limit on the seats so as expected, they are prompt at getting you out of there!  Food: 5 stars across the board. Such a huge selection of meats but also, side dishes and veggies. I am always excited to see what they have at the buffet portion of the restaurant and have an unnatural love with their garlic mashed potatoes.... really, eat them when you go. Although, it's not good strategy because mashed potatoes are filling and obviously you need room for the meat! Other honourable mentions for food: parmesan crusted chicken, cheese stuffed prime rib, chimichurri steak, deep friend bananas and we developed a strong love for their roasted pineapple as well!  Other comments: I really dislike how hard it is to get a reservation but of course, this just shows what a great restaurant it is. Nonetheless, if you want to go for a special occasion (especially a holiday) make sure you're booking months in advance! Also, the first time we went the cards provided at each table had a list of meats that were provided, it was nice to have something to look at especially for newcomers but the last time we went the cards didn't have the list.   Summary: My concept of a "special occasion" has become much more broad so that we have more excuses to celebrate at Copa.
4, My husband and I recently moved to the area and so far this is "our go to Thai Restaurant" even though it's a good 20 minutes away. It's location in Old Town sets the ambiance for a perfect date night.    We have our staples when it comes to Thai food which we always split. The Pad Thai for him with tons of protein and the Panang Curry for me with tons of Vegetables, both ordered spicy.  This is the second time we went and will be back again.      I was compelled to write this because it was THE BEST Chicken Panang curry I have ever tasted. It had a smooth tomato base that you could only taste a hint of the tomato it was absolutely creamy, divine, and flavorful. I was going to have to poke his hand if he kept taking it because I wanted it all for myself.  So good that I told the waitress that she had to tell the chef compliments. It opened up my husbands stuffy nose, but the spice was not so strong you couldn't taste the delicious flavors.  If you have ever been turned off by a yellow curry and said curry is not for me, Please give this dish a try. Again, the best I have ever eaten in 3 states that I have lived in.    Unfortunately we are not impressed with the Pad Thai.  The only way we can describe it is that somehow they Americanized it.  Not very flavorful and the noodles always are stuck together. If you put your fork in it, it will lift the whole plate almost.  We had to order bean sprouts which usually come with a pad Thai and felt like it was missing the peanuts or eggs or both. Next time, we are going to try the Drunken Noodles, and I can't wait to!    I give 2 thumbs up even though the pad Thai wasn't the best, overall the service was great, and so was the food.  Thank you Malee's for your existence and keep up the good work! Love, love, love!
2, So, once upon a time I fancied myself a rocker. I had the requisite black hair in jr high school, the ripped t-shirts, etc. I outgrew the phase like most people do, grew out my hair , started easing up on the teen angst. But deep inside I believed that I could still hold my own, so that if I walked into a punk show I could still rock out with the best of them. Thanks to the Distillery, I now know that is a lie. I am not even close to hardcore, and I never ever was. I'm at peace with this.  We were heading somewhere completely different but walked by when someone suggested we go in. For some reason I did, and  due to a mis-communication half of us had paid to get in while half refused to go in and left. Those that wouldn't actually ARE more hard core, and that speaks to how the rest of the night went. The people were fairly rude, jostling everybody and giving the outsiders dirty looks. Definitely a hard crowd. Everyone looked like they'd stepped off the cover of a Rancid album. Lots of scowls. They had a tiny circle pit, as everyone was too busy affecting coolness to join in. The band was awful and the cover overpriced considering. We finished our beers and left to rejoin with the smarter group.   Yep, not hardcore at all! Phew, close call!
3, Sadly, as I am a huge Arcadia Nook fan, I cannot give this location the 5 star rating I was totally expecting to give.  I am in love with the Wood Fired Olives appetizer here, we ordered that and it was totally on par with the Arcadia location.  My family ordered two pizza's the Giardino and the Margherita and said it was also on par with Arcadia and they looked great.      My order was the Cowboy Rib Eye.  I typically bounce back and forth between the Chicken Marsala and the Filet, and I tell everyone the Filet at Nook Arcadia is the best $27 filet you will ever eat.   They don't offer the Filet here so I went with their new Ribeye which is $34 and served over smashed Yukon Gold potatoes with four asparagus spears on the side.    Presentation and plating was beautiful... My mouth was watering... The ribeye was bone-in BUT it was full of fat and gristle, it was edible but I spent most of the time trying to cut around the gristle or pulling it out of my mouth. I don't mind fat in my steak I just prefer more to steak to fat, and not the tough gristle this steak had throughout.  The potatoes which were advertised as garlic parmesan were also bland and seem to be lack both garlic and parmesan. The asparagus was good.  This is not anything like the preparation or quality of the Filet at Arcadia and it was a 2 star dish for me for sure on the steak quality alone. I typically want to lick my plate at Nook but this wasn't the case the plate left the table with half a steak, lots of fat pieces and almost all the potatoes.    This location charges more for the same dishes, understandably they are in the hotel, it is bigger and they likely have more expenses, however I was a little surprised to see the same Chicken Marsala offered at Arcadia was $5 more here.    The valet parking is also expensive, $17 normally, $12 if you eat at the restaurant and get a stamp.  Find a parking spot if you can and don't valet, this isn't Nook's fault, just a tip.  If it weren't for the olives and pizza this would sadly be a 2 star review for me. Service was good.
2, I had over $2000 worth of work done on my car here 2 years ago.  Tint job, and car audio installation were the two major things I had worked on at this shop.  I have an older car with the dot matrix at the top of the back window for the defroster.  I don't know much about tinting, so I didn't know that it would like shit when trying to tint over the dot matrix.  I go to pickup my car that night, and was told by the owner - "Don't worry it just has to set, and then it won't show any more."  I ask how long, and am told about a week.  A week goes by and it looks exactly the same.  I bring it back, and the story changes.  "Oh, it's the dot matrix at the top..it can't be helped, that's just the way it turns out.  I'll have my installer use a heat gun, press it out and see if we can get it to look better."  It actually looks much worse after all is said and done.  I have no complaints about the tinting on the other windows....except.   When I originally went to pickup my car after the initial installation the owner was working on another car where the owner blamed him for the window getting jammed up and coming off track after getting his tint done.   Ironically my passenger side window went off track a week or so after getting work done here, and it scratched up my newly installed tint.  The owner said it wasn't his fault, and they would not replace the tint.    Now to the car audio installation.  The installation looks clean.  I have had no problems with the way it looks.   However I was sold on having the steering wheel controller installed.  (controls the volume and FF/RW tracks on the steering wheel).  He was unable to get it to work, and instead of offering a refund (89.99) I was told it was my problem, and I had to go to the dealership to fix the steering wheel control?  So I'm out 89.99!  The original subwoofer that was installed, blew out after a year.  It has a year warranty, so I was able to get a replacement subwoofer at no charge - BUT he charged me $35 to cover the shipping cost of the subwoofer to his shop.  I ended up paying it...hoping that would be the last of it.  NOPE, 11 months later, the subwoofer blows again...I call the shop this morning, and leave a message to have the owner call me.  No call as of yet, and I probably won't expect to get one.  I've also emailed about some other issues in the past, and never got a response.  Mind you - I did get a response when it was about buying new products, but got very minimal feedback when having to have a problem addressed.   Needless to say - I'm done with this shop.  I'll take my hard earned money, and business elsewhere.  Besides - I don't want to pay another $35 for another subwoofer to get shipped.  That would be $70, and it will probably blow again, in another year - at which point I would be paying the cost for a new subwoofer anyway, and wasting more time, for a business that obviously doesn't care to retain their clients.
4, Red Lotus is located close to some of my most visited restaurants in Mississauga - Wonton Chai Noodle and Chilli Chicken House. I was in the neighbourhood looking for a late lunch and decided to try something new. If you like spicy food, this is right up your alley! Here are my thoughts:  THE BEST - Spicy Chicken Bamboo is delicious and I highly recommend it. It is really flavourful with a spicy kick. The dish includes red and green peppers, celery, peanuts, green beans and chillies. You might want to order a bowl of steamed rice to help temper the spiciness of the dish.   NOTEWORTHY - Beef Rolls is a good option but I prefer the Rolled Onion Pancake with Sliced Beef at Asian Legend. They are comparable but the flavours in the latter meld together much more beautifully.   THE WORST - Dumplings (of any kind). I was intrigued because it specified that they are house-made. They are steamed and to my dismay, it was flavourless. I was curious to know if pan-frying them at home would help the cause. I did bring them home but I should have left them at the restaurant - they were far from being salvageable.   As for the service, it is subpar in Chinese standards. Each table has a device with options to call the server, request the bill, etc. It was not working. It was hard to get the servers' attention even though it was not very busy. The inattentiveness was not a major issue. I got irritated when I asked the server for a take-out container for the dumplings. She nodded her head and immediately said, "How would you like to pay? Debit or Cash?" I incredulously asked her to repeat herself. It was discourteous to say the least.  All in all, I do find their Spicy Chicken Bamboo tasty and unlike anything I've ever tried. Red Lotus is better reserved for take-out than dine-in.
4, We enjoyed several plates here.  By far my favorite was the pork belly of course.  I love bacon so pork belly is a must.  The pork belly came out cut up in perfect two bite morsels for me.  A nice crunchy top with a soft underside is a great mix of meat goodness.  The sauce is on the sweet side, but not so much that it takes away flavor.  Plus it is a great sweet sauce for the meat. We also had the Pan cit Malabon, which has a spaghetti type noodle that is cut up.  I mean the texture and thickness reminded me of a spaghetti noodle.  The shrimp was only ok, as noted by a dinner guest on mine.  I cannot comment as I am allergic to shellfish.  I did chance the noodles since the top is sprinkled with pork rinds.  Interesting, but not my first pick next visit. The fired chicken was good, very crispy, but for the $7.99 price 2 pieces of chicken was not what I expected.  With everything else on the larger side I found this to be lacking in value for my dollar. We also sampled the flan dessert, which was creamy and sweet.  Nice mix and most likely I would try again.  I also tried the Halo-halo which my first experience.  Nice dessert that I would go for again.  A mix of sweet, ice and a small slice of flan on top.  All enjoyed in a plastic cup for you to enjoy for at least a half an hour of mixing ice with the sweet bottom mix.    If you are in the area and craving a great Filipino food experience stop here.  I will try some other dishes next time I am in the area.
2, My sons and I used to come here all the time. Pretty good selection of games to play. Within the past year or so, there has been a severe lack of game maintenance taking place. Several of the multiplayer games consistently have broken down units. Mario Kart (our favorite) has been broken for almost a year, yet Gameworks has no problem letting people attempt to play the game - One of the steering wheels is almost non-responsive, and it makes the game completely unplayable. The other unit next to it has a seat that is stuck in a forward position. I went to talk to someone about this, and her answer was "it cost money to fix these games". Well, no sh*t. I think we're done with Gameworks. Unfortunately, I just purchased a Groupon recently that I haven't even used. It will probably go to waste. Dave & Buster's is close by, and has Mario Kart. Dave & Buster's doesn't have a couple of the other games that game works has, but I can't remember the last time the other games had both player options working and available at Gameworks anyway.
5, 05/09/2018-UPDATE Thank you Sparklette's management and route manager, they came back and resolved the issue with the charged cooler to my account, and are in the process of refunding me back the money. It was just a miscommunication and I am happy they were nice enough to make things right. Like I said before I would have gladly stayed with there services getting water every month and now after they resolved this issue I am considering continuing there services. Thank you Sparklette's!!!   I was at my apartment one day and got a knock on the door and it was Sparklettes asking if I wanted to start there services, they were offering a good deal for cooler rental and two gallons of water a month, so I did and everything was great up until my lease was ending on my apartment and I was moving.  I called Sparklette's because I wanted to let them know I was moving and that they needed to put me on route at my new apartment complex and also so they wouldn't continue to deliver water to my old address. I was also having issues with the cooler they gave me, the nozzle you pushed down to pour the water wasn't working, no water would dispense from it, so i was paying for the cooler rental and for water I was never ever receiving.  Well after weeks of waiting for them to deliver at my new address no one showed up, I would even see the sparklettes guy come but would never drop off water so I called again and waited and again no water delivered, so I finally closed my account and the next time I saw the sparklettes guy I drive up I flagged him down told them I canceled my services and took the cooler I was renting, so bam I thought everything was done. Well two weeks ago I got a charge for $318.00 automatically taken out of my account from DC Services (Sparklettes) saying that I didn't return the cooler. I am so outraged because I canceled my services, even received a bill from them that I owed a $0.00 balance and than got charged for a cooler they themselves picked up.
3, Glad to hear that this location is just steps from the office and is perfect when wanting to catch up with coworkers after a long hard day. Their second location being relatively new, is a great addition to the financial district.  Serving up some great craft and seasonal beers it's perfect for those beer experts who truly appreciate locally brewed draft.   Their menu is full of popular pub fares that have no shortage of small portions.   The ambiance can get loud depending if you're upstairs or downstairs and at what time of the day.   Though I am more of a wine drinker I did give their Blonde and Amber beer a try which was crispy, light and refreshing.  In terms of food our small group tried their Flammekueches (hard to pronounce) which was a flatbread pizza served with cheese, black olives, cheese and ham.  This definitely complimented our beers,however the next time I'll be sure to try some of their pub grubs to get a better sense of the menu.   Food 3/5 Service 3/5 Cleanliness 4/5
4, Lauren C's review of Prime described her waiter as a "Jeeves Wannabe," and she couldn't have been more correct.  And when I told the Sommelier I was taking the Level 2 exam after passing Level 1, but that I wasn't a "real" sommelier at the time, he practically scoffed.  The correct response is: "Good luck!"  I told the same thing to the Sommelier at Gary Danko last week, and he gave me his business card and asked how he could help.  THAT is how you treat a customer!  Being a top-service-rated restaurant, even if it's super-high-end, means having servers that are professional, and knowledgable, but also cool and who act like "real people" at the same time  Example:  Go to Gary Danko.  It's a high end establishment, but people are just cool.  No snootiness, and they have a natural flow to how they interact, with a sense of humor as well.  Perhaps I was at Prime on an off-night, but other reviews have confirmed the same attitude.  To Bellagio's credit, however, I must say that my experience at Picasso two years ago was unbelievable, and the service at Picasso blew me away.  Furthermore, the wine pairing at Picasso was one of the best I've encountered in my life.  My Prime experience was overall a good one, saved by the bartender (I had a glass of wine at the bar before dinner, he picked one blind and I guessed it), and the unbelievable bone-in filet.  There was a little too much "rub" on the filet, as I'm a pureist with my steaks (like to have several bare bites before I go to sauces).  That said, I did try the four homemade sauces, which are pretty incredible:  bernaise, soy reduction, a mustard sauce, and peppercorn.  The bone-in filet is ginormous, and is an amazing cut of meat.  At $60, it's probably the best bargain on the menu, because a cut of that quality and size is very rare.  Wine list is great, although they only have one Rioja; which shouldn't be the case with a list of that size.
5, Been dining at this place ever since it opened and let me tell you, this place has always been #1 in my heart. The set up of the restaurant and the menu has changed over time and it's completely amazing! The lunch is 21.95 up until 3pm and dinner price is around 25-26 which is usually the standard to most sushi places here.   Service ALWAYS CONSISTENT. The workers here are very fast with refilling waters and clearing out the dishes on the table every time I come here. The sushi chefs prepare the sushi at a good amount of time so expect your sushi to be at your table within a few minutes. Completely never have to worry about waiting so long from my experience with anything at this place!  Food The fish to ratio on their rolls and especially their nigiri is a COMPLETE WIN! I can honestly tell you that you will not be disappointed in the ratio. The fish is completely fresh and it just melts in your mouth.   They are very good with their nigiri. Super white tuna and garlic tuna is definitely a must. The flavors on both nigiri work so well together. It completely melts in your mouth. If you're an unagi fan just as much as I am, you must order unagi here! The best one I've had so far. The chefs warm it up to perfection along with the rice and also to top it off, they glaze it with some kind of simple sweet sauce. I am completely drooling just explaining this. It's a MUST try!  Their appetizers are very good too. Bulgogi nachos, anything tempura there is hecka good. Whoever is battering it and cooking the tempura is doing it right! Hamachi Kama is very good too especially when you add some lemon juices to it. Baked green mussels... Wow, so much flavor. Can definitely inhale that every time I'm here and pork belly! Oh my god. Super tender and flavorful.   The rolls are very good too from what I've tried. I definitely need to expand more with rolls. The no name roll, Lisa Lisa, wet dream (if you like cream cheese), and Japanese lasagna is usually what I get. If you can't finish a full, you can actually order half rolls!  Reason why I rate this a 5 is because they've been so consistent with service since day 1! The chef is super nice along his staff. You can easily connect with the sushi chefs with no problem. The atmosphere is completely chill and relaxed AND the music is always good here too. Thank you sakana for the wonderful service and yummy food!
4, 100th Bomb Group located on Brookpark Road stands out like a sore thumb.  After the relocation of a runway at Hopkins they forced the closure of the old location.  The old version was a real gem.  I will never forget how they had headsets at each table that you could listen to Hopkins ATC while eating.  Very Cool!    The new location(Which has been here for several years now) is breathtaking.  They spent some serious money to make this place memorable.  The inside has awesome features and big widows to give you a nice vantage point of the airfield.  (Perfect to watch the 3 regional jets that depart every hour).    As a fellow Yelper has posted, the bar has some free munchies during happy hour which is a nice touch.  My problem with the Bomb Group is it is a bit stuffy for my liking.  If i want to watch planes, I don't want it to be a white tablecloth event.  The entrees are good, however you will be paying about 20 dollars per plate.  The food could have better taste for what you are paying.  The outdoor deck and patio are beautiful, and during the summer they have great drink specials.  Hope this helps!
3, I think I would come back here.  Actually, I most likely will come back here since it is located right in the middle of where I have a lot of work meetings.  There are only so many bagel places I can eat at, so this was a welcome alternative the other night!  I ordered the vegetarian box and was very happy with it.  For $7.95 I got: -6 avocado-cucumber rolls (that unravelled a bit because wasn't well wrapped) -edemame (with NO salt on it, which I loves) -3 fried tofu cubes -rice -vegetable tempura (assorted)  The miso soup and salad were fine and tasted like it does everywhere else.  After consuming the soup, salad and most of the box, I was stuffed.  Didn't even make it to the rice, which I felt badly about since it was in such a cute ball.  I found the staff extremely pleasant and accommodating.  Is it the greatest sushi I have ever eaten?  No.  Is the plaza it is located in a joy to drive in and find parking?  Absolutely not.  In fact it is horrible.  However, it is the only place available in that corner that is not bagels, burgers and other bakery/cafe type food.
5, FREE PARKING DOWNTOWN!  Vegan, Raw Vegan, Gluten Free options available.  Carnivores, like me, can add chicken breast or turkey to veggie sandwiches and salads and there are turkey clubs & BLTs and the like available too.  The Asian Marinated Kale Salad with Grilled Chicken and the Curried Quinoa Salad are my favorites.  FREE PARKING DOWNTOWN!  The deserts are amazing and inventive; vegan strawberry cookies & hot chocolate and marshmallow cookies just to give you an idea...  FREE PARKING DOWNTOWN!  The coffee bar puts others to same.  Delicious coffee and tea options, hot and cold.  Oh, and smoothies!  FREE PARKING DOWNTOWN!  Five four top tables for outside seating and five four top tables inside and plenty of sofa seating to stay and enjoy your meal or just as easy to take away if needed.  You'll be hard pressed to find a more welcoming environment downtown or in all of Las Vegas for that matter.  Chef Peter and David succeed making a connection to everyone they meet.  They will take the time to answer questions you may have about the menu and ingredients that may be unfamiliar.    And in case you missed it, FREE PARKING DOWNTOWN.  I hate it when I'm going to Le Thai or EAT and I finally find a parking spot just to discover I have no change for the meters.  Happy to say that will never happen here.    Bronze Cafe is located inside the Gay and Lesbian Community Center of Southern Nevada.  The Center is a new state of the art facility serving the ENTIRE community and all are encouraged to visit.
3, When my husband and I first tried Joe ' s Farm Grill we absolutely adored it- the setting is unique and the food is fresh. I told everyone I knew about it! However, now that we have been here- a lot- we feel there is not much consistency.  Sometimes they hit it out of the park and sometimes they really strike out. Usually I get pretty lucky with the green eggs and ham- and I don't think my husband has had a burger here he doesn't like... But- sometimes the food just isn't up to par. Recently we were there for breakfast (New Years Day) and got waffles and ribs and Joes Big Breakfast. The ribs were burnt but we ate them... The Big Breakfast was stone cold. We brought it back and they said to come back up in five to ten minutes- well, it was clear they just reheated it in a microwave and I find that unacceptable- especially for the cost of food here. We just threw it away.  The plastic plate was warped, the eggs were turning dark yellow like they were nuked in a microwave and the pancakes were soggy.  Oh how ye hath fallen...
4, Good room and great location for the price. We stayed Thurs.-Sun.  I didn't stay here for the pool but it was definitely an added bonus. I fit in the under 30's crowd and felt like this was a good hotel for that age group. This place probably does attract some older people (hence the Donnie and Marie show) but they are definitely in the minority poolside. Of course you still get a few over 45's that are in bikinis and in denial.   We ended up spending most of our daytime hanging out by the pool which was like a huge party/club. Great music with a DJ, bikini clad dancers, and some great beer prices. You could get a bucket of 5 beers for $20 or 12 for $40.   One negative is that they don't have a clear signage telling you that there is no food or drinks allowed to be taken inside the pool premises. Lots of people were having to throw their items away before entering. Which after having stood  in line for 15 min can become very irritating.   Overall the hotel experience was very nice and I would stay here again.
2, Why fly Economy, when you can get that same food at Ikea? This is my first experience eating at Ikea Food Court. Ikea has been open for over a month now & the lines at The Food Court are still massive. The portion sizes are perfect for small people or people dieting.... but at least they are reasonably priced. I had the Swedish Meatball plate & the hot Salmon plate, they were out of mashed potatoes for the Meatball plate so I substituted French Fries. First, the good: the French Fries were perfect- well cooked, hot & not skinny, also my customer interaction with everyone at Ikea, has been great- very friendly, super informative. Now for the bad: EVERYTHING else was over-cooked. These were well thought out plates, that should have been great..... just not well planned for a busy Cafeteria venue. They need to cook in smaller batches, watch sitting times in their storage ovens & taste & throw out old, over-cooked items &/or under-cook their food from the start, knowing that they will continue to cook in their storage ovens. One last thing, their 75 cent coffee, is the 2nd worst coffee that I have drank in Vegas...... but it was free with my Ikea Family Card.  This was my first dining experience at Ikea & even though it wasn't great, I plan on eating there every time, that I shop at Ikea, until I have tried their whole menu. I like to try different cuisines....... & Meatballs with Lingonberry Jam, is very different for me. I hope with reviews like mine or maybe more experience cooking with their equipment, that Ikea will put out better hot food, in the future. I will let you know. I have high hopes, because everything else at Ikea is just so very clever.
1, Got my windows tinted. Thought it was a decent job . So I asked about wrapping a small portion of my suv . Quoted me a price. I returned the next day to get it done. Told it would take 30 minutes. 3 hours later. Drove home took pictures of wrap. And the line are off. Called the shop was told to come next day. Came back shop owner not at location. So I drove to 2nd location to show problem. Just missed him. Told tech at shop problem showed him the truck . Was told would take a week to get material in. Took copy of my receipt and all my info. 5 days later I called back to get a time frame. The owner had no idea of my problem. Ask me to send pictures. After he reviewed the photos . He told me he would fix the wrap but because of Easter weekend   It would take longer to get material come back Monday. Came Tuesday was told not available to repair. Had all materials come back in the morning. So I took off work. Came at 830 and now was told material to expensive to order. Will remove and refund. WTF. So now I'm looking a little closer at all the work that was done.   Going to a professional shop to get done what I paid these guys to do. Thanks Desert TINT
4, I was craving Vietnamese food today (yet again) so I decided to try someplace closer than 31st & Superior.  Firstly, I'll say that the woman who took my order over the phone was very nice. Bowl of Pho is also nice on the inside but I ordered my food to go so I can't really comment on their waitstaff.  Since everyone, their mothers and their grandmothers praise Superior Pho and pretty much claims everywhere else is mediocre (at best), I wasn't really hoping for the best. I was just hoping it was edible.  I ordered 2 orders of spring rolls, bubble tea (strawberry), fried rice (chicken), and deluxe beef noodle.  The bubble tea, while good, tasted... odd but not in a bad way though. It was very sweet and it tasted like a red licorice shake. O.o  Luckily, I love red licorice. But it definitely didn't taste like strawberry, not even remotely. The tapioca pearls were good too and in my opinion, they were better than *gasp* the ones at Superior Pho.  The food was pretty good too. The pho (which was my main dish) was terrific with a multitude of flavors and spices that hit the palate just right. Nice amounts of meat (not an overabundance but not super shady either). I had my food to-go so when I got home, I put in the the meat, sides and noodles which, because I'm  assuming they don't rinse off their noodles, were super starchy and was kinda congealed to the styrofoam to-go container. However, after me breaking it up a bit and placing them into the pho, they broke up a little bit so it wasn't just clumps of ramen sitting at the bottom of my bowl.  The chicken fried rice my husband ordered was really good.  The spring rolls were good as were the sauce but I have to admit that Superior Pho is well, superior with their spring rolls and the sauce (oh dear God, their sauccceeee!!).  All in all, I came in not expecting much and now I'm full of delicious food and a new Vietnamese spot to eat at when I don't want to trek all the way downtown.  Oh! Also just as important, they are slightly less expensive than other places I've been too. That's always a plus to me!
1, If I had wanted Denny's service and Denny's food I would have gone to Denny's.   What happened to Olive Garden??? You used to be regarded with a higher standard now, you are barely one step above fast food!!!  Went in around lunch time and the service was so slow.  I ordered and iced tea with lemon and was brought a raspberry tea which I detest.  I told the server right away and I didn't get a replacement until after I had already finished the soup and bread sticks.  Mind you she brought the drink before any of the food, and I told her before she brought any of the food.  I didn't get a refill until after a box was brought for my order. Pathetic! I love your iced tea and you deprived me of having it.   The food came and I asked for a extra Alfredo Sauce on my Chicken Alfredo. I didn't get it, so I asked for it on the side.  10 minutes later she brought it and it was the smallest cup of nothing I have ever seen in my life, not even a full cup of nothing!  My order came with the buy one take one and I got the 3 cheese zitti to go.  When I got home to eat it, it was do disgusting it went straight to the dog.  My daughter ordered the lunch lasagna and the portion size she received was that equivalent to a Fancy Feast dinner you would feed you cat. You all know which dinners I am talking about.    I am done with Olive Garden.  Macaroni Grill here comes our lifetime business.  You have great iced tea, and Alfredo too.   I did something I don't normally do, and I didn't leave a tip.  You don't go to a sit down location and not expect a drink.
3, Came here on a Friday evening with a pretty large group like 15 ppl (?). We made a reservation for 7:30pm for my friend's birthday. I had the Osaka Cha-Han which is basically octopus fried rice. It was recommended here on Yelp so I decided to give it a try. Izakayas are generally not for filling up ur stomach and the price range is quite high. This was like $11ish dollars before tips and one of the budget-friendly items on the menu.  Flavour-wise this was decent, not too salty which is good because I don't really like salty things. The rice in particular stood out to me because it was really well cooked and chewy (sushi rice). But there was barely any octopus in it at all, literally a few pieces. Instead, u get a ton of rice. I would recommend ordering this along with something else for sharing. It's too bland on its own since it doesn't have many ingredients but the rice is good. I did have their promo (tako wasabi). It was pretty salty lol and very strong wasabi flavour. So if u like wasabi a lot u'll love it. Overall can't say much about this place because I didn't try anything else.
4, We visited on Saturday April 15th, 2017 for dinner. I don't know why people are saying the portions are small, because they are NOT small. It is regular to large size portions, in fact, two out of three in our party packed our main course leftovers for home.  Also, I looked around the room at other tables to see the dishes we didn't order and their portion sizes were decent.  For Starters we had Bloomin onion (smaller than Outback's version yet good) and a bowl of tomato soup (I thought it tasted like marinara sauce). For main courses, I had the Grilled Whole Sea Bream white fish served with vegetables and basmati rice. It was a good thick piece of fish but be careful of tiny bones. My hubby had the delicious meaty Beef Short Ribs on top of a mound of garlic mash potatoes. We both had leftovers. And my daughter had BBQ Pork Ribs served with chili, corn salsa and fries which she enjoyed and finished. Dessert was one piece of their homemade Cheesecake shared between three of us. Americano is only coffee served and it is strong and frothy. I took one star off because it took almost one hour before we got our main dishes and there is only metered street parking. Credit Cards are accepted.
3, Ok, I am on a 3.5 stars for this store but that does not exist.  Firstly, I encountered a staff who was borderline rude in this store. As I was looking at the sales racks in the petite section, there was another lady customer beside me. A staff walked up to her and was like "this whole sale section is for petites". The woman looked confused...The staff added" you have items in your hand that looked like they are regular sized, that's why I pointed it out". OK first of all, YOU DON'T comment on a lady's size!! I mean come on, I feel like I am not freaking petite, but I am in the petite section, you don't know how clothes fit on a person unless you are THAT person trying it on. Secondly, if something is on sale and it is a good deal, I WOULD LOOK and I will buy if they fit! Petite or not. The staff could have approached with a much nicer comment. What she said was not helpful, if the woman wants to look at the petite items, let her look at them!   Secondly, all the staffs in this store, well except for the fitting room staff are extremely dead...like not lively. I had to approach people with questions. I see sale signs in select areas with additional 40% off, I asked the girl who was just boringly wandering around if it's just on the items with the sign over them or the whole store, she told me the whole store. She needs to definitely do a better job as the front door greeter, no one knows  this. If i had not asked, I would not have known. Later on, two other woman approached me and asked if I knew what's the deal about the sale and I had to explain it to them. Meaning, the lady at the front is practically useless.   The staff in the fitting room were quite friendly. Smiled at me the whole time and took their time to introduce themselves. Trying clothes on was the best experience I had in the whole store.   I don't care how nice your store looks, recently they renovated this store to look like a high end hotel. What I care about is how knowledgeable and helpful your staffs are. Get someone more energetic by the front and have more staff walking around, asking the right questions and actually give helpful feedback/comments.
5, Note that the Craig St. address is incorrect.  The restaurant has moved to 5501 Centre Ave., in Shadyside. This wonderful little hole-in-the-wall Turkish restaurant recently moved from Craig St. to Centre Ave (corner of N. Graham, across from the Giant Eagle).  The middle eastern food is wonderful and reasonably priced. Everything is prepared fresh from scratch. I've tried a variety of the menu items and all were delicious.  For lunch, the falafel, kofte or Adana sandwiches are delicious and cheap.   For entree, I especially like the Adana Kebabs - deliciously spicy ground lamb or chicken grilled on skewers and the vegetarian Zucchini Pancakes,crispy on the outside and warm and fluffy inside, served with homemade yogurt sauce.  The hummus is some of the best around and the baklava is to die for - the friendly and helpful owner, a native of Turkey, claims it's the best in the world and I think he may be right.  Turkish travel books, backgammon sets for companionable time spent with friends, and Turkish decor make the place unique and homey.  The only drawback is that it's BYOB; of course this isn't considered a drawback by many people, as bringing your own is considerably less expensive. The owner has looked into getting a liquor license but it seems unlikely as it is next to a Methodist church.   A favorite with our family.
4, A friend recommended Malee's to us just as we arrived in town and told him where we were staying. Malee's was three minutes away, so we zipped over there and were seated immediately on a VERY busy Monday night.  The service is incredible there. Even though the place was packed (and very noisy, due to the presence of a party of 14 seated just next to us), the wait staff and bussers were right on everything. As a former waiter (10 years in excellent restaurants in San Diego), I am generally pretty attuned to quality service. These people were obviously very well-trained; it was very impressive to see their coordination and cooperation with each other.  But, there is a reason I mentioned the service first. It's five star service, but unfortunately the food does not live up to that billing. My girlfriend and I love Thai, and we try to find a good Thai place whenever we travel. It's hard to find anything as good as Lanna Thai in Pacific Beach (San Diego), and this was no exception.  We got their veggie rolls for starters, and those came with a Plum Poison sauce that was very good. Unfortunately, it could not rescue the amazingly bland (though very fresh) rolls, which lacked any flavor despite the fresh ingredients. Our assessment was that fresh rolls without mint or cilantro or basil or SOMETHING are just rice noodles with no flavor. (again- if you want the best, go to Lanna Thai for these!) We had a Pad noodle dish that was also fairly disappointing. The only food item that was the least bit impressive was the yellow curry veggies.   Lastly, a word of advice. If you're going to dine there in the winter (we ate there on February 23), take some warm clothing. The place was FREEZING. We could not wait to get out of there- only due to that one factor. The ambiance is really good- there was live music playing in the other room. But if you don't make the temperature of the restaurant accommodating, people will be shivering while they try to enjoy the cuisine.   That's all.
5, Hollaaaaaaaaaa (Missy Elliott voice) and Dash right now to this place to get a good biscuit sandwich.  I'm serious.  That is all.  No it's not.  We have more to discuss.  When you open a Biscuit House in "The South", we must critique  First, I have a question...H&D, how do you get your Biscuits so fluffy with the perfect amount of density on the inside and golden brown color on the outside without it disintegrating in my hand or getting grease all over my shirt???  Do tell your secret so I can slip the recipe to my grandma and politely tell her to up her game.  Aside from the Biscuits being awesome, so is the food.  I ordered the oats with brown sugar and strawberries.  Pretty sizable portion and made me feel healthy.  Then I dug into Hollerback sandwich, which had some awesome sauce, bacon, fried green tomato and guac.  It was so big that I ate this in two halves and enjoyed it for twice as long.  You get a side with a signature biscuit, so I went with the corn based on the recommendation from the cashier.  She was right.  The flavor was so on point, delicious and refreshing.  This place is pretty casual with a nice outdoor space.  It's a little confusing when they give you a number, and you need to find the small hole in the table to drop in the the number so it stands upright, but the manager came right over to where I was sitting and showed me what to do.  Overall, great fast casual place to grab a filling breakfast or lunch (they serve local Pure Intentions coffee).  Super addition to Southend.  I have no doubt this place will do great.  If anything, they might survive on my business alone.
1, I was attending a play at container park and decided to try cheffinis. It was crowded and my first impression was they did not do well under pressure. The staff were bickering with each other about how to expedite the orders and when to close the coffee shop next door. I placed my order ( 1 naked dog and two kids meals with sliders). After 20 minutes of waiting I was told they didn't have anymore sliders and I could either get my money back or get a hotdog instead. I chose hot dog since I had already waited so long. A few minutes later the cashier came to one of the guys dining and told him he gave him an extra elder by mistake. The guy said, " I haven't touched it" and the cashier took it. Another 10 minutes past and I received 1slider which was supposed to have the special sauce. No sauce. I also received the hot dog that was substituted for the slider kids meal I paid for with no fries and no sauce. And a mediocre hot dog. To this day I am praying I didn't receive the side that was retrieved from the guy dining and regret the time and money wasted. I will never return or recommend. Horrible experience.
4, This is a store for girls who love glam! I discovered this store a couple of years ago after their storefront attracted me with manikins dolled up in pretty dresses and shiny scarves. The store looked really fancy from the outside so I thought perhaps the prices would be high until I noticed the tags on the manikins clothes saying, $29.99; so I walked in!  This store is small, narrow, cramped but really pretty looking- black walls, slightly dimmed lights and chandeliers. The people working there are extremely kind and helpful and give you all the time in the world to browse. The guy working there told me that their merchandise is flown in from Paris. The best part? Everything in the store is $29.99 with the exception of shoes and jewellery!   They have beautiful tunics, shirts, dresses, jackets, jeggings, purses, shoes, jewellery, wallets, scarves, sweaters, skirts and so much more. The clothing is super girly, comfortable and beautiful looking. I own a lot of clothes from this store and I receive many compliments! Also, the quality is great; none of my clothes have ripped or worn out looking even after a couple of years.  The only downfall about this store is that they don't always have plenty of different sizes, and it's cramped in the store, which makes it a tad bit uncomfortable if more people are in the store.
2, It's been a little over 25 years since I have been to a Rally's. Last time was when I was stationed in Florida and I was pregnant with my daughter, Rally's was my favorite place to go. A Rally burger with extra pickles and Vanilla shake is what I always craved. So when I saw one here in Tempe I was excited and decided to come and get a classic. The service was fine, however shake machine was down, no worries, but the Rally burger was awful. It was cold and could not find the meat. Of course I went through drive through, my office is three blocks away. The burger was worse than a McDonalds burger. I was very saddened at my experience today with Rally's as it was one of my most favorite places back in the day. The fries were good as I remember and I settled for a smoothie because again the shake machine was down. The Mango Smoothie was pretty tasty. I give 2 stars because the Rally burger was absolutely awful. Maybe I will visit again at a different time and try again for a burger but, if I am met with another cold, unmelted cheese because so cold burger and hardly any meat, I will have to bid farewell to a place that used to be rated better than the average McDonalds. I hope Rally's looks at their review and improves their burgers to the quality I know they can be.
1, I have stayed in this hotel when I come to Vegas for the last several years. I will never stay here again. I will spend my thousands of dollars else where from now on and make sure it's not one of the connected "chains".  Upon my check in the women Ebony was beyond RUDE! I bought two hotel rooms, one was for my mother and father that I was trying to pay an all expense paid vacation for them. Even though both rooms were placed on my card for payment she wanted me to check into my room and then stand back in line behind 30 other people to check into my dads room. Why would I need to stand back in line to check into my other room? Also she ran a payment and asked for no signature but insisted that I had to call my dad back to sign for his room, she said "I did you a favor not asking you for a signature" so then why didn't she continue to do the favor on the second room? After her bad behavior and rudeness the hotel offered me a $40 credit per room which I never used because I had planned my dinners for my family else where. I called in the morning for a late check out which they said was fine, 20 minutes after I called I had a cleaning lady walk into my room and 10 minutes after that I got a phone call asking me why I wasn't out.  So much for a late check out. I don't know if management has changed or what has gone on with this hotel but I would never in my life recommend staying here. there are hotels right next door with the same pricing, please spend your money there and you'll have a much much better stay stay.  I also Asked for a pet stay room when you look under the rug there are dog pee stains everywhere. They hold deposits and make you pay double for these rooms to cover the damages that dogs do to the room. Apparently peeing all over rugs isnt damage to the room so you have to live and stay around other dogs pee. My bad for bringing a potty trained animal and expecting the same.
2, When I first started working down in the Cultural District 4 years ago, this was always our pre-theater stop for dinner. I absolutely LOVED the pasta vodka. They also had this delicious flavored butter. Every time you came in they had a different flavored butter with bread. Pre-dinner bread isn't usually exciting, but they made it so!   Fast forward a couple years later....I hadn't been there in about a year or so. I think the issue is maybe they changed owners or head chef perhaps? Either way, the food is very average, if not Olive Garden-y. I had the Veal Parmesan. I know veal i usually sliced thin, but I felt as if it was nonexistent inside the coated fried bead crumbs. The sauce was nowhere near what you expect it to be. I usually imagine a Grandma in the back lovingly making the sauce. Here I could see them pouring out the Ragu containing and heating it up.   How do I comment on the service when our waitress checked on us FIVE MILLION times!? I mean, that's nice....but when she's in your face while you're chewing, in your face making really lame jokes and in your face as she's having a smokers coughing fit. it's really hard to say we had excellent service. It was pretty much taking it to the other extreme of smothering service!   The only thing they have going for them are their meatballs.  The meatballs are exaclty what I like, very moist and lots of flavor.  I can't help but think this sounds dirty, I swear the meatballs are good!  They just need to not be paired with Ragu sauce!!
5, My daughter just entered the Medical Technologies program offered through her high school and that meant having to go to Shuttler's to get customized scrubs and lab coat, plus other items required as part of her curriculum. I was super pleased by the level of service she received there. Everyone was so nice and helpful that they took the stress out of it all. My daughter was gone for a greater part of the summer, so she was not able to get fitted in time to make the first day of school, so we both were a bit on edge and nervous. The folks at Shuttler's had us covered.  The staff here are knowledgeable and knew right away what my girl needed for her program. Because her scrubs and lab coat had to be customized with the program logo and her name, she had to come in to be fitted in order to assure the proper sizing. There can't be any returns on custom items. We were literally in-and-out of there within 20 minutes. Because of the short timeline, our order was noted as a rush order and we had my daughter's items within a week of ordering.  Once she got in to her program, I ordered her a second pair of scrubs. Those were in to the store in fewer than 10 days and the store called me as soon as they arrived. In both order pick-ups I had to come from work, which used me close to closing time. Tracy offered to stay a little longer to make sure I was able to pick up the items on the same day!  One of the other things I experienced is the fact that one of the sales staff was very familiar with the Med Tech program, so she was able to give my daughter confidence that it was a highly regarded program. That made both of us feel even better about the choice my daughter made to pursue this line of education.
5, I've been to 2 Morimoto locations. One was at The Modern in Hawaii (which is now closed) and I went again while I was at the MGM in Las Vegas. I remember enjoying the food and restaurant in general so it made sense that I would be back!   APPETIZERS:    My favorites are the Toro Tartare $31 and Whitefish Carpaccio $20.   Both are great starters. If you like the idea of mixing fresh tuna with different flavors for an incredible taste, you'll want to try the Toro Tartare. The dish itself comes in an iced bowl with 2 small, clear slabs - one has the Toro and the other has a set of 6 condiments which include wasabi, sour cream, caviar, nori paste, chives, guac & bubu arare. There's also a cup of soy sauce if needed. Scrape off a piece from the Toro 'canvas' and with your 'brush', mix it with variety of flavors from the other 'canvas' and enjoy. Very fun and delicious concept.    The Whitefish Carpaccio requires less creativity, but the presentation and taste itself is amazing. Just thinking about the thinly, sliced sashimi with hot oil, ginger, and yuzu sauce makes my mouth water. The fish just melts in your mouth! MUST GET.    ENTREES:   Japanese A-5 Wagyu 3oz. $90   Boyfriend got this. To be real with y'all...3oz is NOT ENOUGH. No wonder wagyu is so expensive, you need to savor every bite - which is what he did. I managed to try a sample and it was good but I can't afford to be paying $90 for meat the size of a deck of playing cards. I was more than happy to split my lobster entrée with him since he was still hungry.   Whole Roasted Lobster 'epice' $45   I love lobster, it's one of my favorite seafood dishes. Since I couldn't get my lobster pho at District One, I was definitely going to get lobster at Morimoto's. You can't go wrong with lobster. This dish was everything I wanted! A beautiful lobster -split open with delicious lemon crème fraiche sauce and veggies. The sauce added a nice tanginess to the already seasoned lobster. The veggies on the side made the whole lobster dish very balanced and flavorful. I had to get a side of rice to go along to complete my perfect meal. I was super happy and satisfied.     DESSERT:   Fiery Chocolate Tart $20   The star of the night. I got so excited watching the chocolate ball get lit up from the rum that I forgot about getting a picture! (Thank you for screenshots snapchat!) If you're a fan of chocolate, this is a must get dessert. I'm not a chocolate person, but I have to admit this was the perfect mix of light and heavy. I liked the sorbet and marshmallow inside of the ball and the ganache logs on the side were also delicious. You can bet we were on a sugar high for the rest of the night!   TL;DR  Definitely try if you have never been to a Morimoto. Great service, food and presentation. Look forward to a very enjoyable dining experience!
3, Remember I'm in Vegas and NOT in Cali so bare with me. We stopped by before leaving Vegas and saw that this place had great reviews. I tend to forget where I'm at and need to take that into consideration at times I'm out of my hoods.  Our Lunch Orders: 01.  Lemonade Soda - $3.00 - 4.5 Stars - This was absolutely a MUST if you come here. So good, it's actually better than MOST restaurants I order in Cali. I loved it but didn't think it was worth $3.00 for a small glass.  02.  Crispy Egg Rolls (4 Rolls) - $6.50 - 3 Stars - Definitely was crispy and the inside was decent. At least it wasn't chewy. Just okay IMO.  03.  Sidestreet Pan Fried Egg Noodles w/ Beef/Veggies - $10.95 - 3 Stars - The egg noodles were crispy and there were plenty of veggies and beef. It was okay, kids liked it. The sauce wasn't salty or starchy like most places.  04.  Bo Luc Lac - $14.50 - 2 Stars - Not good, beef was chewy and salty. Really wasn't like what we are used to tasting in Cali. It was decent but not for $14.50. At least for that price, the beef should be tender.   05.  Bun Bo Nuong Xa (Lemongrass Beef) - $8.95 - 2.5 Stars - Lemongrass Beef was DRY and bland, no flavors. The fish sauce was watery too. Didn't give enough veggies like this dish normally comes with. Perhaps in Vegas, ppl don't eat their veggies like we do in Cali.   06.  Com Tam Bi Thit Nuong (Pork) - 2 Stars - The Pork was dry and chewy, the Bi was chewy as well with hardly any meat.  We left this dish aside, couldn't finish it.  07.  Com Tam Bi Suon Nuong (Pork Chops) - 2 Stars - The chop was DRY and chewy. My friend didn't finish it and only ate the steam egg. I clearly see a pattern here...CHEWY!   08.  Bun Rieu - 2 Stars - Well, this dish is definitely not the Bun Rieu we are used to in Cali. The Broth was so bland and flavorless. The tomatoes are normally cooked long enough where they are tender and juicy. These tomatoes were firm.    LOCATION - A bit far from downtown, located in a shopping plaza.  CUSTOMER SERVICE - Super nice staff.  FOOD - NOT AUTHENTIC at all.  Decent for Vegas but probably wouldn't be rated great in Cali. The foods are decent so if you're super hungry for Viet food, this place will do.  VERDICT - We will probably not be coming back if in Vegas, it's a good option for the locals.  If I'm in the area, I might order the Lemonade Soda!
1, Terrible....don't use these guys. We needed a cab to and from our hotel for New Year's 2012 and decided to pre order it the night before and even pre-paid with tip online both ways. We also called to confirm the order and they said all was good.   NYE comes and so does our pick up time and they never show. We wait 15 minute past pick up before we call and when we did they said oh he is on his way....after being late 45 minutes they finally show. Then the driver was mad I pre-paid because apparently they get stiffed on the tip by the company but he drops us off where we need to be.  On the pick up we called 45 minutes before and the guy shows up when he said. When he arrives I told him I pre paid so he isn't caught off guard and he said "I don't take pre pays" and drives off before we can get in!!!  I called and they said they'd refund the money 3 times but never did so I filed a dispute with paypal (thats who the pre-pay is through) and it took 60 days to get my money back because they ignored it and paypal ruled in my favor because they never responded to it. They never even bothered to to respond to my BBB complaint.  They have another bad review here for a reason.....DO NOT USE THEM!!! You may end up regretting it.
1, The company decided to do Christmas lunch in milestones second year in a row. I was not impressed by their food last year, so kind of knew what to expect. Well, this year they have went above and beyond my expectations ( I am being facetious). Not sure how to spoil a fire-grilled salmon and boiled rice, but they've managed to do that. The only good thing was the size, it was really small, not enough to get sick right away (wait till the evening when you regret every bite). Rice was probably cooked a few days before as well as salmon and then heated up straight on or with the plate which was smothered with "grilled veggies" (don't try this at home). Grilled veggies consisted of grilled zuccini prepared a few days back that were already falling apart from moisture (not a good thing for a grilled food). Rice was dry and plasticky from being left out of water for a long time. Salmon had the same issue being left out uncovered and then re-heated. And to top it up I have found a hair on my plate and that was the end of my lunch. Since it was company's Christmas lunch I have kept my mouth shut. But as it was not sponsored and I paid $24.5 for the main dish alone I've decided to leave a review. And, to my point, even 1 star is very generous for this particular place (calling it a restaurant would be too much of an honour which they don't live up to). Unfortunately at the time I did not argue and did paid my bill which I regret full-heartidly now. By the way their bill says CASH ONLY, a way to discourage people using credit cards.  I sincerely hope that at some point they will get a customer who is not as placid and agreeable like myself and who will give them what they deserve. Their cooks don't deserve to even touch pans, leave alone cooking. Disgrace to a restaurant business. Absolutely horrific place. Not sure why people choose it over other eateries on the same street, but it definitely not worth a try. There is no third time for me. If you value your health and know at least a little about decent food, avoid milestones on king west!!!
5, Found them o Yelp because of their rating. Every negative comment was addressed by their management. It was a little further than I would like to drive for a mechanic but it has been worth it so far.  I needed a synthetic oil change for my Suburban. I made my appointment online and they promptly called me back to adjust it by one hour. I showed up on time and they were ready for me at the desk. They informed me that they use Mobile 1 as their synthetic and that there would be a little extra charge because my truck takes 6 quarts instead of the usual 5. I knew this going in as I have changed my oil before but it was professional of them to disclose this upfront. I also used a Groupon and they applied the value to they synthetic oil upgrade and the extra quart.  After all of the service and the billing was explained I handed over my keys and they escorted us up to their free arcade. It was cute; old nostalgic arcade games, pool, skeet-ball, basketball. There was even an office/lounge area for watching TV or working on your laptop/tablet.  In about 45 minutes I received a call from downstairs that my truck was all set. We went down, paid the bill (with no surprises), and went over some minor recommendations that the mechanic noticed. We were on our way and the truck felt great. Thanks guys!
3, Went to Blue Hound a couple of nights ago for the first time with friends.  The hotel and restaurant had a cool and hip atmosphere.  We were seated promptly at our reservation time and the place was not crowded.  Our server was pleasant and knowledgeable and recommended several things on the menu including the special which was soft shell crab over an artichoke coulis with fiddlehead fern.  I ordered the special (and a shot of gazpacho) and the others at the table ordered a flatbread pizza and tater tots (yum!), the salmon, and the chicken.  When the salmon came out, it was such a tiny portion and my friend commented on it.  I had an option of ordering one or two crabs with my dinner and I opted for one after asking our server if it would be plenty of food.  I should have ordered two.  The food at Blue Hound is creative, ubber fresh, and delicious.  However, we all left still feeling hungry due to the small portion sizes.  We talked about ordering more food but the items are quite pricey and our bill was already over $100 without tip (only two of us had an alcoholic drink).  We eat out frequently at all of the new hip and trendy places that are opening all over Phoenix and feel that with all the other restaurants who are now offering creative farm to table food at  lower prices and larger (yet reasonably sized) portions, Blue Hound has some adjusting to do.  It would be a tough sell to get me to go back unless I knew our bellies would be full and our bill not so high.
5, This is a great bookstore if you are looking for a gift or even for yourself.  They have everything from religious books, top sellers, music, art, CD's.  They have a great children's section as well.  Sign up for their members reward program.  They have two of them.  One is free and the other is $25 a year.  You earn points (5 and 10% respectivly) towards merchandise.  You also get their catalog and it includes a coupon.    I also check out their clearance section.  They have two- one for adults and one for children.    They are always offering deals there.  If you have not been in a while I would go.  I would avoid though right before Mother's Day and Christmas.  Those are the two busiest times.  At this location they also have a lion house pantry and limit Mormon handicraft items.  If you catch the right person there they will give samples of cookies.  The area for children is really good here as well.  My children love it at this one.  They have in the past had story hour, but it has been hit and miss lately.
3, This place is as good as it gets in terms of patio lounge setting in Toronto, and for me, in Canada.  So it fully deserves the three stars that I'm rendering it.  This is a continuation from my TOCA dining experience, so go read that if you find this review lacking in crutial detail for it to make sense.  It was an unusually warm evening, so after our dinner upstairs at TOCA, Myself, Claire, Lucia and everyone else descended to DEQ, where I was earlier in the evening mentally preparing for dinner.   We picked a spot at the terrace in front of the fireplace, and ordered ourselves some cocktails and ice wine from the same sommelier at the restaurant, only this time there was two of them, and they were both 6'5, making me my 6'1 ego feel uncomfortably around the five foot range.  Serious, how high are the racks at the Ritz?  DO they scout wine connoisseurs from NBA tryouts?   The indoor decor was gorgeous, with seating for a dozen people, to just a table for one.  That is amazing and very considerate.  The ground floor terrace is enclosed within the hotel, and gave a private ambiance for an outdoor setting, which is remarkably in shortage in this city.  The ice wine I ordered wasn't available, which meant I was given the same bottle from an earlier year, and I was VERY happy about that.  That was probably a savings of a hundred dollars.   We were the only people out at the terrace, and so we were able to talk as loud as a bunch of Mainland Chinese people were capable of talking, our waitresses was a lovely girl who forgot the details of my orders twice.  I asked for two cubes of ice in my red bull & vodka, the first time she give me like a dozen cubes of ice, the second time she gave me no ice.  I'll forgive her because her heels were so high, and I was so drunk.   So why three stars?  Because The Ritz is an international name, and based on international standards, it's at best a three star venue.  Toronto seems to be an excuse to not make things extravagant.  The fear of people thinking someone else is pretentious had rendered this town into a melting pot of self deprecating, humility loving Janes & Joes....and it certainly reflect in our architecture.   I imagine a four hour evening of partying for a dozen people would cost up to around $1200, which is very reasonable for the ambiance, service, and clientele.
5, Following the tradition of quality restaurants in Northern California, Thomas Keller hasn't let the good people of Las Vegas down.  Just like most higher-end restaurants in Vegas, Bouchon has a perfectly designed interior to match the theme of their food.  If it isn't too windy, try sitting outdoors on their patio next to the fountain.  The food was amazing from beginning to the end.  Service was a little slow, but the place was packed.  Run down of what I ordered and all of it I recommend: -Petit Plateau  (1/2 lobster, 9 oysters, 3 shrimp, 3 clams, 6 mussels) "I can't imagine it getting any fresher than this in Vegas." -Pt de Campagne  (country style pt with watercress, cornichons & radishes) "Kinda of like liverwurst from the can, but 1000 times better!" -Steak Frites  (Medium Rare with caramelized onions and seasoned slab of butter on top) "Cooked to & flavored to perfection, tender and clean tasting." -Moules au Safran et  la Moutarde  (Maine bouchot mussels steamed in white wine, Pt de Campagne avec Roquefort et aux Noix mustard & saffron, served with french fries) "If you like mussels, well you get 30-35 mussels excellently prepared in a butter saffron base." -Madagascar Creme Brulee'  (special for the night) "Creamy with a layer of vanilla bean particles lining the bottom." -Free French mini pastries and a bag of caramelized popcorn to go!!! -A perfectly matched gurtziminer for the 1st half and pinor noir for the 2nd half of the meal.  I'm drooling thinking about this meal!  This is a Las Vegas MUST EAT!!!!
2, The two star here is all for food. Me and my husband went for dinner last night. Not our first time. We go there often for some good prime rib, classy service and quite time. However, we had a horrible experience this time. Real BAD SERVICE!! Our server was Adam. He introduced himself as Adam, although his name tag had Amir written on it. He was completely untrained or new or just didn't want to be there. We could tell because we've been there so many times before. It was just all wrong from start to finish. He didn't know his beers. Forgot to bring his spatulas for the spinning salad bowl. It was actually funny,, he spun the bowl, realized he had forgotten his equipments and excused himself to get them leaving the bowl spinning. Funny. We figured, it happens, no big deal. But it started getting to me when he didn't even bother to check up on us. Not once. We had to get someone else to get us some more ojus ( beef broth). Now, my husband and I both being from the hospitality industry, we understand sometimes it's just tough to get to the table when you're slammed and busy. THIS DUDE HAD ONE TABLE HE WAS WAITING ON. US! It was a slow tuesday night for heaven's sake. He walked pass us like at least 3 times yet never once check up if everything was okay and if we needed something. He totally didn't mention anything about the horseradish sauces which we noticed sitting in the corner after we had stopped eating. I wish he had  as I absolutely would have loved some.  He finally showed up after we were done and had stopped eating. He offered dessert, we said no. And then he just started clearing my plate. HELLO? WE GOT BIG CHUNKS OF PRIME RIB LEFT ON OUR PLATE? MAYBE WE WANT TO BRING IT HOME? I had to stop him and ask him to wrap them go.  Like I said,, worst service ever. It seemed like he just didn't want to be there or he was new and nervous! I don't know! But it was bad!! Definitely not Lawry's standard. And it was our anniversary !!! I wanted to talk to the manager just so they know what's going on but We didn't want to ruin his night. He had already ruined ours!!! But then again i figured Lawry's need to know this so i decided to yelp.  THANK GOD THE FOOD WAS AMAZING AS ALWAYS!!!
1, I feel bad giving this hotel a low score, but our experience  was terrible and we wasted lots of money just to feel like we were staying in the cheapest room possible.  We reserved a GO view room and lost our reservation despite the fact that I called the day before to confirm and I called again while we were en route, explaining that we will be arriving at 1am. He said he made a note that I called and he documented our new ETA. Here's what we ended up with on arrival:  A king size, not the 2 queens that was requested  No view Furniture with lots of tears in the leather Holes and stains in the bedding Hard bed and either hard pillows or really worn out pillows that need to be thrown away. Water damage to the ceilings  A rollaway, which the attendant said she had requested since we had 2 kids with us (the rollaway took 2 hours to arrive) The rollaway was sunk in the middle. My poor kids looked like they were folding in half.  The attendant told us the rooms were not guaranteed and said we could switch rooms the next day, but we were so busy that it would have been an inconvenience. She also said our room was originally on hold but the manager had to give it away (and give us a downgraded room instead). We paid over $500 for the original room we requested for the 2 nights and the only way they could comp us was to take off the $30 resort fee and provide us with that sorry rollaway. Housekeeping even opened our door after the first night even though the do not disturb sign was up. They thought we we due to check out!  Unfortunately we did not have a good experience and ended up checking out at 6am bc we were highly disappointed. We were in room 23008 which was not worth the money at all! I really wanted to like this hotel too so I'll end on some good notes...  Pros: Nice decor Free parking Great location, walking distance to miracle mile 24hour food court on site
1, When to this place to get a yearly eye exam for contact lenses.  My first impressions were not very good. I had to wait to check in while the receptionist at the counter had a private conversation with another employee. Then after I checked in she let me stand in the lobby for 5 min with no seating. After I joked that they need some seating, the receptionist casualty said the waiting are was in an adjacent room as if I was supposed to know. How long was she going to let me pace? Why didn't she tell me where the waiting room was after I checked in? Not rude just unhelpful.  The Dr was very knowledgeable, except he dilated my eyes when I specifically told his tech I didn't want it, and even signed something saying i didn't want it. The Dr. shrugged it off and said the tech didn't put it in the chart. That might be true, but the doctor never said what he was putting in my eyes or what he was doing either which i didn't appreciate.  My real problem with this place is when how they make you buy contacts. Instead of the standard procedure where they go over you insurance and place your order after your exam, I was told to go home and use their website to order. The website doesn't answer your questions about billing and insurance issues and can be confusing if you are not used to ordering your own contacts. I tried to calling the office 3 separate times one day to ask questions about their website no one answered the phone. I ended up having to go back to the store to get my questions asked. They were helpful on that second visit, and I eventually placed my order. But seriously what kind of office sends you home to order your own contacts and doesn't answer the phone? Not good.  Their ordering system is not customer friendly and the staff I met initially was not overly professional, friendly, or helpful. I've had way better experiences at big chain eye exam stores. I will not go back to this place.
4, I am surprised to see bad reviews here as we had a great, albeit huge, meal! We decided on the chef's tasting menu which seemed like a good deal but turned out to be too much food, at least for me, my husband finished his.  The first course was a small amuse bouche that was just a spoonful of a melon prepared by the chef.  From there you get to pick a first, a second, a third and either a half of a side or a dessert.  I picked the shinshito peppers as my first while my husband had the heirloom tomato salad.  The peppers were very good but after looking at other tables I wished I had ordered the "corn bones" as they looked really, really good.    For my second I had the gnoochi sardi that was phenomenal and would have been plenty as an entree.  My husband had the brussel sprouts, also good but not entree size.   For our third, I had the lamb burger and was immediately disappointed that I ate all my awesome gnoochi as there was no way I was going to finish the burger.  We got a half of animal style frites which were good but the egg was a bit more cooked than I would have liked plus my gnoochi had an egg on top too which made the second egg a bit much.    Since we both had the tasting menu we split the one half of the frites and then split a dessert for the other.  I picked the peanut butter crispie.  Good but next time I'll try the popcorn as it also looked good.
4, Date night doesn't happen enough for my husband and I, but when it does, we like to try restaurants that we haven't been to before.  So last night, after a quick shopping stop at the Crafeteria event hosted by Frances, we headed over to Otro Cafe for dinner.  We were not disappointed!  I used the Yelp app directions to find the location (duh!), and were psyched to find plenty of parking + no wait to sit down when we arrived without a reservation around 8pm on a Friday.  All of the employees that we encountered were extremely friendly and personable from the hostess and our server to Heather, another staff member that we recognized from another local cafe.    Our server, Randy was attentive and offered recs on the menu when we asked.  We ended up sharing an order of the Guacamole Classico as an app.  I ordered it with both chips and raw veggies.  I love that the veggies are an option.  (Veggies are chilled just right and include carrots, celery, cucumbers, jicama and radish).   The guac is chunky and includes avocado, cilantro, serrano chiles, lime juice, salt, white onions, tomatillos, orange and cotija cheese.  We each had a beer from their selection of both Mexican and local options, and then shared two entrees: the Pescado del Dia and the Mole Negro.  The fish came with veggies and the mole chicken came with fried rice and tortillas.    The ambiance is casual and features art on the wall from local artists.  The prices are moderate, especially considering portion sizes.  There is something for everyone on the menu too... and it's worth noting that Otro opens on Saturdays and Sundays at 8am for breakfast.  They get their coffee from Lux as well!  We'll definitely be back to Otro, and hopefully pronto!
1, I wish I could give a -10 on this review. The front staff were so unprofessional which should have been a give away that I should of just walked out. I saw the doctor here who did not address my needs and told me to see an eye doctor. I followed his advice and saw an eye doctor. While I was getting my eyes checked that doctor saw a HUGE mass on my right side and with great concern called the Brain and Spine Center so he could talk with the doctor I had just seen who did nothing for me. After COUNTLESS failed attempts I was sent to the Emergency room by my eye doctor and told I would be be admitted but he still wanted to continue trying to contact the Brain and Spine Center as this is a brain matter. I was admitted immediately and had 3 MRIs and CAT scans and other procedures done to find out what the mass was. It turned out I had a tumor! How could a brain doctor fail to realize that?! The eye doctor kept following up with me while I was in the hospital and even got a new Neurologist involved. He said as his patient he needed a doctor he could consult with and I needed someone for this time in my life. That eye doctor made all kinds of calls for me and I now have 3 amazing specialists.  I wish my story ended there, I got a large bill in the mail from the Brain and Spine Center after paying my co-pays from my insurance.
3, Seems like a nice place & playground, but didn't get to enjoy the perks or have a better than average experience because it was a madhouse. Way too overcrowded, no where to sit (in parents lounge), extremely noisy, kids screaming, crying, parents sitting on the ground. My daughters were hit/pushed at least 3-4 times where I had to step in and "talk to" the other kid (again result of overcrowding  parents or staff can't always have eyes on kids). Right now with the popularity, this is not a place parents come to relax while the kids go off to play supervised as it seems in the marketing materials. They've been open for 2 weeks so it's extremely popular, I do get it, but the overcrowding detracted from the overall experience of the mega playground. Would recommend putting a limit on the number of people they admit at a time, or sell advance reservations, maybe time slots. The owner & staff are extremely nice though and the reason why I will try again in a few months or on a weekday as I do believe it could be an enjoyable place to come, it's just the overcrowding that made it not so pleasant. Will review again after another visit though if things have changed.
2, If I could do 2 1/2 stars I would-because the people were very friendly and the salad was amazing. But for the money, that's about it.   I went about 3:30pm, and I know that's an "in-between" time, but there was only 1 other table seated, they had eaten already (if they did) and was still there when I left.  I saw the sign, and since I enjoy Pappadeaux, but it's so far- I was game.  You walk up and order, I was looking for creole or cajun food, then asked re: Shrimp Ettoufee-which is a tricky dish I guess, but a good test run.  He said oh yes! So I ordered it. It came with a super delicious salad and rice. I just had water, and it was very good and cold and served in a canning jar-nice portion. Ok...so far so good.   The salad was soooo good-it was very fresh, diverse and delicious! I had the Creole ranch dressing-which I liked a lot. PLUS!  Then after a bit of a wait the Ettoufee arrived. It looked a bit different, but there was a lot of the brown gravy (it was clear though-kinda weird). The shrimp were pretty small, maybe a "small-medium" size, which were really one bite each. There were enough not to feel cheated, not enough to feel you could have a shrimp with every bite (I cut them in half to try).  The shrimp were not overcooked-a plus. But the gravy? It was...BLAND! If there was ANY spice in it at all...well, there couldn't have been! I did not order it bland, nor did he ask. I have had it several times in different states, and I have had worse and I have had much better too.   It was like eating...shrimp in brown gravy. Period. Cajun? NO WAY.  Hmmm..  The bread was pretty good though. The rice was nicely done.  BUT THE ETTOUFFEE!  UGH.  At  $16.00 (+ tip in jar) for lunch, I can not justify this.  Maybe that's why it's basically vacant when it opened back in December-I looked. Too bad-we NEED some cuisine cultural diversity in this city! This AIN'T it...
5, I don't take 5-star lightly.  It is a reflection of Service. Service and of course SERVICE from both the front of the house and the creative genius in the back of the house.  Reserved the boardroom for a special family event. It was set up and ready to go even though we got there early. Pre-ordered a birthday dessert. Perfect timing and presentation with no prompting from me.  Awesome craft cocktails. Good selection of local beers. GREAT menu choices.  I am ashamed to admit how many appetizers we "tried" (hey, its all for YOU, my readers!!).  Highly recommend the nachos as a share plate, good flavors, good quantity.  Pretzel fondue YES. White Shrimp Cocktail was over the top tasty and fresh grated horseradish was appreciated!  Fresh sliced crisp jalapenos on the side as requested.   Every entree was well received and perfectly executed (would definitely order all of it again, nothing was "meh").    Special shout-out to Celeste who has the patience of a saint and got her "Steps" in for the day with my crew.  Her patience was tested and that smile never slipped!  Bravo!
4, Originally opened in 1992 in Jacksonville Florida and described as "Where the Locals Eat" ever since, it was entirely by accident that it was discovered that Metro Diner had recently expanded to the Las Vegas Suburbs, ongoing discussion about who was doing a 'true' Monte Cristo Sandwich in the local market bringing up results for a familiar name just a few minutes away that had not been there just last month.  Not to be mistaken for Metro Pizza, though both they and the Diner chain now with nearly two-dozen locations show a similar commitment to Scratch-made classics invigorated by contemporary techniques and great ingredients, it was just past 8:15am on Saturday that a party of three entered the converted former drive-thru Burger joint now decorated as a cozy space with checkered floors and green tables, a few televisions showing Sportscenter as early 2010's Pop hits flittered overhead.  Arriving before most of the crowd and greeted by local Operating Partner Tony Alonge, whose name had been passed along from corporate after an E-mail inquiring as to whether the Monte Cristo was available at Breakfast since the online menu seems to indicate otherwise, it was at a sizable four-top next to the kitchen that seating was offered and menus presented, the servers with an ever-present smile that almost seemed contagious throughout the morning - a few of them even passing their limited free time dancing and singing along to the music.  Featuring a sizable menu, though not the outlandish 'everything to everyone' mishmash of some, it was after some perusal and questions about sourcing that a relatively sizable order was placed including a few half-size plates allowed in order to sample more variety, the total cost of just over $70 still a bargain considering all that was entailed and easily a place where a check less than $15 per person would be realistic as an average.  Honing recipes now for nearly 25 years, each restaurant offering similar classics plus several specials that change from week to week, it was with Coffee and Water poured and kept filled that the meal quickly got underway, a miscommunication about wanting items sent out in rounds soon seeing the whole table flooded with eight plates that made it difficult to taste everything while still warm, the Pound Cake French Toast, for instance, saved till last and at that point just above room temperature which made it difficult to get a sense of how good it might have been piping hot and more capable of melting the butter.  Moving on to items better assessed hot from the kitchen, a one-and-one Benedict featuring housemade Hollandaise, Canadian Bacon and Vegetables beneath medium-poached Eggs atop toasted English Muffins as good as most in the city alongside nicely fried Hash Browns, Metro Diner's Fried Chicken and Waffles proved very impressive considering the price point, a half-order of the bone-in Bird plump and juicy with a good spice profile served with supple Waffles and a scoop of Strawberry Butter.  Not offering the option for Pure Maple Syrup, but instead creating their 'signature' sweet and spicy Sauce tableside by combining Crystal Hot Sauce with Warm 'syrup,' it was with good fortune that neither the aforementioned Pound Cake nor the signature "Yo Hala on The Square" Stuffed French Toast required any additional garnishment, the thick slices of Challah Bread stuffed with Strawberries and Cream Cheese making for one tasty weekly special beneath a liberal ladle of warm Strawberry Compote.  Not particularly impressed by the "Cheesiest Grits," even the addition of a layer of Cheddar both top and bottom leaving the grains a bit runny and flavorless without adding salt, Metro Diner's Buttermilk Biscuits feature the drop-style common throughout most of Florida and are well flavored with light sours of Buttermilk, the addition of a Honey-Glazed Chicken Plank to make a $4.79 Sandwich well worth it for those not wanting to invest in the whole Chicken and Waffles plate.  Speaking finally on the Monte Cristo, most versions in town either outright lying by serving a French Toast Sandwich or bastardizing the original recipe by omitting the Turkey, Metro Diner finally gives Las Vegas what so many have been requesting for years, the soft Sourdough Batter-dipped and deep-fried around a thick stack of two deli-Meats, Cheddar and American Cheese with almost no residual oil plus a big bowl of Raspberry Preserves at its side.  Using the same light Batter to coat the Onion Rings as that on the Monte Cristo, it was with compelling words offered by the chalkboard at the back of the room that Dessert became necessary, the Salty Caramel Brownie served warm with a big ball of Vanilla Bean Ice Cream and Chocolate drizzle while the Key Lime Pie is imported straight from Jacksonville for the sake of consistency, anyone familiar with the debate certain to be amused by Whipped Cream offered on the side, but certainly not on top of, the generous and tangy slice.
1, I have been a loyal customer of Power Toyota since I bought my Scion in 2009. However, after my last visit I will be sure not to return.   I went in to purchase four new tires as a routine maintenance and left with my car in awful condition!   First, the rep told me it would take 2 hours to complete and after the 3rd hour, I sill didn't have my car. I had to contact them to check in on my car as they were not courteous enough to contact me. After the third hour of waiting, I finally got some information regarding my car and I was informed my SUB ARM was bent. After Googling the issue, this usually happens after a car accident or running into a curb at high speed. OR a mechanic drops your car from the high-rise. How convenient.   The dealer took no responsibility for the issue even though I have never been in an accident in my life. They "discounted" my service taking off the cost of the alignment (even though they didn't align my wheels) and said they'd replace the SUB ARM for $500 additional dollars. I asked that they did not complete the service as I felt  they were being incredibly dishonest and they returned my car in worse condition.   I will never be back; Power Toyota has lost a loyal customer.
1, Omg! we drove all the way from Avondale because our pediatrician said it would be a best option. My son has an ear infection but needed an X-ray and urine test. We got there at 3:15...and with a feverish crying baby, like a lot of other partners there.. We waiting for 3.5 hours just to have his vitals taken... Then we waiting another 3 until I am not kidding past 9pm to finally get asked to go in!!!! We gave my son Tylenol 1 while waiting for his fever. He is 9months old. Then.... We waiting another 1 hour for the doctor who seems to be in a hurry and not care about our son... Then another 3 to get him checked and cleared to go home. We got there at 3:15 wedsneday got asked in at 9pm and left at 3 am!!! Now 2 days later we find that they gave us the wrong medicine!! Now my son is has blood in his stool!! I honestly do not recommend them, them saying they care and specialize in kids is all marketing bullshit! They are no better than any other hospital or Doctor. Actually you're probably better off going to those Urgent Care locations. - now just wait for the large sum bill they are going to send me becuase of their expert service! Horrible.
2, Start off by saying I gave 2 stars because there were some good things, so I'll start with the positives: As a former bartender I enjoy showing support & dine at the bar when I go out. When we walked in, it was pretty dead, but because the menu had a lot to offer, and the hostess was sweet, we decided to take a seat at the bar.  There were 3 Female bartenders & 2 Male bartenders. A bartender greeted us right away, she had long black hair & made a very good White Russian, which surprisingly so many people mess up, so we were excited for our meals. We ordered Buffalo Chix Dip, and a Mac & Cheese Flatbread, which came out in under 10 minutes.   I really do hate leaving bad reviews, but I really had too....  The female bartenders were super friendly and gorgeous, but acted extremely inappropriate and immature. It was about 7pm, and dead..... and the bartenders were the loudest there, "twerking" on each other, as there are couples trying to enjoy their meals.... Awkward- girl come on you're gorgeous have some class. Not to mention, as they were having fun doing that... we were patiently waiting to order some food, which is when a male bartender took our order as he saw us waiting.  I finished my White Russian before my meal even came, and the food was out in about 6 minutes after we ordered it in, but tasted rushed and awful....  The Buffalo Dip tasted like complete ONIONS. It was super super chunky and the cheese was not melted all the way.. The Mac & Cheese Flatbread looked amazing, but i picked up a slice to a soggy thin piece of dough, but the bottom was burnt.... This had been our second meal all day, so we ate it.   During the entire time of my meal, I was not offered a second drink. The girls were on the other side of the bar where it was empty, taking selfies, and twerking. FINALLY!!! The red hair chick who is extremely gorgeous by the way finally comes and leans against the bar, as I went to make eye contact with her and ask for another drink, she lets bout 3 huge BURPS! (BELCHES). I was mid meal, and disgusted... Really girl c'mon have some class people are eating... so I didn't even bother asking.  Meal is over, and then a blonde female bartender asks if I want another drink AFTER our meal is finished and plates are stacked... We politely decline, and she walks away seeing cleared dirty plates.   The male bartender comes over, and we ask for our check, he runs our cards, comes back for us to sign. As he was cleaning our place, he did not bother to ask how our meals were, which I would have politelty told him my review personally instead of writing a bad one online. Even worse, as we get up from the chair never said a word.   AWFUL SERVICE, and I would not recommend this place to anyone. Its sad you're located right in the EpiCentre, and run such a poor establishment like that. Hope to hear of improvement to get me to try it again.
4, One of my two favorite restaurants in Las Vegas with a fun and creative menu!!   I opted to sit at the chefs table since I was dining alone. Christopher, my fabulous waiter, had excellent food recommendations.  I started with the Marinated tuna cones that were artfully presented in a stand. The cone included whipped pink peppercorn creme fresh which created a little spicy zing.  I next had the Braised oxtail crostini. Toast dishes seem to be all the rage in Vegas right now and this dish did not disappoint. The oxtail was tensor and flavorful.  The final dish I tried was the Salt roasted beets. Sounds boring but it was not!! The beets were roasted in oranges, pistachio oil and goat cheese that made for a creamy and dreamy sauce that made me want to lick the plate. It was probably the best best dish I've ever had!  There were 5 sparking wines, white wines and red wines to choose from. My only complaint is that most were $19 a glass!!!  The restaurant is very open space wise and not ideal for a romantic dinner. Given the small plate nature of the dishes it's perfect for groups so that you can try lots of different things.  I'd highly recommend eating here and would definitely go back.
2, Arrived around 10ish on a Friday night after a show and we were enticed in by the lovely gas lamps, the hot music and the delicious aromas. We were seated outside per our request and waited over 15 minutes for our server to show up-although her bus boy brought us water. When she finally showed up, we ordered our food and drinks right then, so we would not be left alone for another fifteen minutes. I had the gaslight chicken sandwich which was super dry-I wanted to ask for a side of italian dressing to dunk it in but our server proved that her inattention was more of a habit than a fluke. Also wanted salt and pepper, never saw that either.  Hubby had the   'famous" bleu cheese  burger (four kinds of meat! whatever) and it was very tasty, as were the homemade chips.   Sit on the patio and enjoy the very hipster, beautiful and drunk patrons-drunk being the keyword here. Also creepy taxi drivers that also appeared intoxicated hanging around the front door. We will try it again, but earlier in the evening and I will avoid having Jaqueline as a (non) server.
4, All I can say about Rimrock Bar & Grille is that they make one hell of a great burger. We had just landed in Phoenix and we're staying at the Hilton Phoenix Airport location and we were so hungry because we skipped on eating Airline Food.   The only problem was that it was right before midnight when we checked in and the only dining option in the hotel was this place called Rimrock Bar & Grille which had a pretty good looking menu which consists of typical bar food.   It was ten minutes till midnight and as me and my wife walked in, I saw that look of terror on their faces as they were about to close up. I know the feeling of someone walking in right before closing to grab a bite to eat, but I was desperate so i had to have the courage to ask if they were still serving food and the bartender Lori was more than happy to honor our request which made me a very happy and hungry customer.   I was really craving for a Burger and what caught my eye was the Jett Lagged Burger$14.50 which was made with Applewood Smoked Bacon, Cheddar Cheese, and an Over Easy Egg. Being from Hawaii anything with an Over Easy on it is golden for me.   As for this Burger, let's just say I have eaten  Burgers all over the world, and this Burger has to be one of the Best Burgers I have ever eaten. What makes a great burger to me is the bun, and at Rimrock, the bun looked something like a Brioche Bun which perfectly sopped up all the juices from the Beef Patty and Over Easy Egg. The Burger was cooked to perfection and was amazing from the first bite to the last. If I ever stayed at the Phoenix Airport Hilton again, this would be the first thing I would order without a doubt.   I also ordered the Buffalo Chipotle Wings which was good but a little too spicy for my taste.   We also had the Strawberry Quinoa Salad which my wife said was a great tasting salad but a little too healthy for me.    Also, I had a Draught Beer which was perfect with my Burger but j forgot the name of it.   All I can say is that Jett Lagged Burger from Rimrock is something that is on my mind when I'm craving an amazing burger..
5, First off let me preface this by saying that I'm a licensed cosmetologist and I still have a station elsewhere. I also have super thick and curly hair that can be hard to handle sometimes, so I'm super picky about who touches it.   I met Breanne at Epic salon where my regular guy was out for the day so they put me on her schedule. I was very cautious but still went with the flow. She made some recommendations and I went with them and was greatly pleased. I booked a very dramatic color change with her for the next time and I absolutely loved the results!! I've since gone back to my original dark color but either way I get so many compliments daily that it can sometimes be annoying. She's been with me through some changes and even though I've moved from the area, I keep coming to her. She's even done my hair for my wedding! I cannot say enough good things and compliments about Breanne and her work, Ive even referred clients to her when I'm unavailable.    Take a chance. Make a change. It might just be the one you need and the one you love .
4, Because everyone has to come here once for their roast duck poutine pizza.  Unfortunately, the pizza was just alright.  Sure we all love a thin crust pizza with cheese curds falling off, but the combination of everything comprising the topping was a little overwhelming.  I ended up eating the fries separately for the slices that I had, and I barely tasted the duck pieces because of how many other ingredients were on the pizza.  It's like one of those school projects where the idea is nice, execution could even be effortless, but final result, underwhelming.  Miheer's Curried Lamb Shoulder- Didn't see the curry in the description and expected a chunk of lamb shoulder.. what a flavourful dish though!  It was a very creamy curry with a hint of spice, the lamb was well-cooked and I LOVED the garlic roti that the curry came with.  It was a bit oily but I loved how chewy the roti was and balanced the curry nicely.  Almost wished we didn't have the pizza to start so that I could enjoy more of this dish, definitely a fan.  Service was good, decor is worth a look.. O&B does it well :)
1, I absolutely hate coming to this CVS!!! So My husband will get a text saying that 5 medicines are ready and I go by to pick them up and guess what there is only 4 ready. It would be ok if this happened once or twice, but of course I am writing a review because this happens all the time! Every month in fact! Kenny here is a shout out to you, thank you for showing me how much you don't care about any customer service! No worries Kenny your not alone, all your coworkers are pretty much the same, can't remember their names. I don't know what the protocol is for your drive through customers but I am taken back by how many times I have had the same problem happen over and over again and no apology is ever given. I get it it's not your fault it's automated system but once I am there at your drive through window I expect just a bit more concern and help. Instead I was just dismissed with attitude because you didn't understand me? What is so hard to understand that I was supposed to pick up 5 medicines for my husband not 4 after he personally spoke to some one to make sure I would not have to deal with this.  So to sum it up the pharmacy department is so not organized friendly or professional!! I hate it because this is the closet pharmacy to me but I am now certain it's time to go somewhere else where I can really have a great evening like Mr. Kenny so sarcastically wished me.
1, This place sucks. No line cuz they let everyone in. Can't move. The floor is nasty. People tackled by security taken away by cops. I showed ID and was told to throw away my water. No problem. Threw it away and walked in, other guard grabs me strongly by the arm and pulls me to the other side of the rope telling me he didn't let me in. He was standing right next to the guy who did. So confused I go around a pole and the other guys acts like I'm stupid flashing me in like "hurry up". Wtf? I go in the floor is nasty. My shoes SUCK to the floor. The place is overcrowded. People acting stupid. Girl RUNS out to vomit. An employee not taking our order grabs the card, he's not helping is at all or even knows what we want and my friend says hey, what's up? And the guy helping us finally says HE WORKS HERE. Ok... but why is he taking our card? It's just shady and nasty and they herd you like cattle. It's ridiculous. We had one round and went across the street. Way better. Better music, better drinks. I can still fee his grip on my arm. It's excessive. I'm not one of the other drunkasses barfing outside. DO NOT RECOMMEND. Literally anywhere else would be better. They should really just  erbally tell people what to do instead of grabbing them. What the hell. NEVER happened before and I go to way better clubs in the San Diego gaslamp. Like do not touch me. Unacceptable.
4, I think this is a great place for grabbing happy hour after work.  They recently re-did their menu and cut back on a lot of things so they can focus more on less food, which is great.  They have trivia on Tuesday nights, start as 7 and goes to about 9.  I had a such a blast playing it with my coworkers, and I think the girls in charge of it did a good job of keeping a good mix of questions.  The last few times I have been here, I have only had a couple different apps because I was on the happy hour menu, but even their burgers look pretty good. It's a place you can go a couple different times and get something different each time. I usually get this older red-headed waitress that tries to be as personable and friendly as possible-you can tell she's trying to make sure you have a good time so they can get repeat business, which is refreshing.  You can that employees like that care about the business (and why not, considering it's probably their livelihood).  Also a cool thing about this place: they have one of those popcorn machines so you can get yourself some popcorn to munch on while you're waiting for your food.  Or just as a side with your drink.  They made some changes to the place that I think are going to be for the better.  Just be careful where you park, because some of the surrounding businesses will tow your car if you park in their lot.
5, I've flown with Virgin America at least time times and have had nothing short of a positive experience each time.  Far and away my favorite airline.     Here's a few of the reasons I love Virgin America, in no particular order.   I'm just crossing my fingers that with the Delta merger their quality stays.   1.) Group Reservations.  I have booked trips from SF to DC  on VA for five consecutive years for a group of 10 students + myself.   Their group reservation folks are super responsive and really easy to work with.  2.) Price.  Each time I have flown with Virgin, they have been very competitive... at or near the least expensive, while offering a far superior quality.     3.) Airport staff.  When flying with kids, they have always shown tremendous respect and kindness to them... treating them with dignity.     4.) Flight crew.  Kind, professional, and responsive, without exception.     5.) Policies.  They don't try to take advantage of you when there is a mishap.   For the first time in my life I missed a flight.   They offered me free standby on the next flight or $35 to have a guaranteed seat.  They were empathetic to my situation, not annoyed by my error.     6.) In-flight entertainment/WiFi;    I love the music selection and making a playlist for the flight.   The WiFi is reasonably priced and reliable.   Their are 3-prong plugs that work for my laptop in coach.  7.) Leg room:  I'm 6'3" and I am comfortable in coach.    8.) The ambiance, hipness, and their safety video... I'll leave other reviewers to offer up details about this.
4, I tried this restaurant for Arizona Restaurant Week. I really like this restaurant. The atmosphere is awesome, small, nice decor, nice music, and great customer service. Fuego Tacos has a great bar that offers an array of drinks, the food is superb.   The offer for Restaurant Week was a three course meal with a glass of sangria. My husband and I loved our meal. We started with the taco salad, made with fresh ingredients and extremely flavorful. The chipotle dressing was the perfect amount of heat, we chose to have the salad made with the Pernil Asado. A perfect choice, heavenly!  For the main course I had the Pernil Asado tacos. I LOVE this meat, so tender and has outstanding flavor. My husband had the Barbacoa tacos and we were not as impressed with this particular meat choice.  The dessert was churros with ancho fudge sauce. I was not at all impressed with this dessert. The fudge sauce lacked ancho chile flavor, which was a complete disappointment. I would have preferred some heat.  Overall, I loved the restaurant, the food and the customer service.  I will definitely go back again.
4, I came here for Spring Training (GO Angels!) with my family. The stadium itself is fabulous. Great size, lots of grass area for the cheaper tickets. Just bring a blanket and sunblock, and you're good to go!  We came earlier than the game start time, so we had an opportunity to tailgate for a bit. The lot appeared to become quite crowded after some time, so I'm not sure that parking is plentiful. The staff were great, and allowed us to drink/eat in the lot. The only problem was that there are NO available restrooms/port-a-potties outside of the stadium. So unless you have an RV with you, you can't drink too much - otherwise, you're not going to have a place to take a leak.   I did see several men taking trips behind a large cargo bin at the edge of the lot, but certainly no women. My sister-in-law and I had to shmooze some of the TV crew to let us use their own special port-a-potty because there was no other option.  Aside from that ordeal, the stadium is roomy, clean, and sells plenty of food and booze. The views are beautiful, and the vibe is awesome. Looking forward to making this an annual trip!
4, I highly recommend this chapel if you are getting married or having your renewal vows in Las Vegas. The pastor is really nice and friendly. The chapel is pretty inside, and the prices are reasonable. And the packages include photographs and a video (though the video was not edited. Just a raw footage. All done by the same photographer and videographer who gives you the DVD and CD in just a few minutes after the ceremony. And when you leave, you do get a free book from the pastor about relationship. Overall the wedding ceremony was a short but sweet.  Oops, no, I was not the one who got married, but if I do it in Las Vegas the next time I get married again, I would consider this place. But then again, that probably won't happen again since....oh okay, TMI. I better stop here, LOL. But if you find your true love and just want a low key fast wedding with just a few close guests, and the only way you can prove your love to each other is to get hitched, then this would be the place to do it without breaking your bank.  By the way, I forgot to mention this important detail. Since I am a professional photographer myself, I asked if I could photograph the groom and the bride, and the pastor let us. Now if you go to other chapels in Las Vegas, for sure, they would never let you do that. Now that is a big plus for me in my book.
5, It's been a little hit and miss with this store's employees, but today was a good day.  I've been trying to find an Android phone and my first inclination was to go to T-Mobile since I already had a no-contract phone with them. I wandered into the store last week and talked to a gentleman there who tried to sell me the $79.99 plan (right now, my plan is $39.99.) I didn't want to double my plan just to get some interwebs, so I left.  After a little more research, I found out that T-Mobile actually has cheaper interwebs plans for no-contract phones, which this guy totally neglected to tell me about. He was pretty adamant about getting me into a contract so I could get the $99 price for a phone I was looking at (which, by the way, is FREE if you order online!)   So, I came into the store this morning as soon as it opened and was greeted by Cynthia, who is the absolute coolest cell phone salesperson I have ever met. She asked what I wanted, I told her, she found it, and she added my $10 data plan and switched my cards (sim and memory) to my new phone, all the while chatting with me about nail salons and Starbucks (and phones, of course.) She answered all my questions and invited me back if I needed anything else, then ever so kindly greeted the next customer as I headed out the door with my new beautiful phone in hand.  AWESOME!
3, Despite originally saying I wouldn't, I went back to the Chickery (on my own dime) today after doing a search for "mac and cheese" in my area (I've been kind of addicted lately).  The Chickery came up, and I figured I would once again give it a try.  This visit I opted for the two-piece buttermilk chicken fingers (with buttermilk ranch dipping sauce) and, of course, the mac and cheese.  I am pleased to report that the food was 100% better than my first experience.  The chicken was so hot and soft and tender with a delicious batter.  The ranch sauce was perfect, and added a whole ton of depth to the chicken.  And the mac and cheese...amazing.  Covered in delicious bread crumbs, it was spicy and tangy and cheesy and awesome.  I'm in love.  So why hasn't this place gone up in stars for me?  Two words: the service.  I was glad to see only 5 people working in the tiny kitchen (11 seemed ridiculous), but service still crawled along at a snail pace even though they only had one order to fill (mine).  The guy who took my order was totally non-committal and absent, and I witnessed a number of employees playing with their phones or mowing down on food while they waited at their particular station.  I understand that you want to enjoy the food as well, but it's really off-putting to watch you eat while getting my meal ready.  Get your act together, Chickery, and this could be the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
2, Went for the first time at Momo Sushi and I am not impressed and happy with their customer  service. For a Sushi lover, I have eaten and visited a lot of Sushi establishments in different states and here at home. The food is good but the service lacked. When we arrived the reception from the staff was very strained. It's as if sating "hello" or "welcome" was too much work for them.  We were sat by the server and each of us were given menus. Since it was our first time, we were reading, very carefully the menu so we can make good decisions in what to eat. Server came to take our orders more than once. I told her we needed more time but she kept coming back really fast without allowing us to have time to decide. We felt rushed.  After we ordered and our food delivered, you'd think that they will come back to check up on us and see if we needed our glasses re-filled with our beverages. No one did that. I was parched and I had to get someone's attention to get my glass of water refilled. Could it be that I only had water and not Soda or an alcoholic beverage? Whatever the reason, I feel that I shouldn't have to flag someone that many times to get my glass of beverage refilled.  The food was good but I've eaten better in other establishments that are cheaper who also gave us better service than they.  The place is simply not friendly and welcoming.  To return to this place will not happen again. Not a  recommendation to anyone.  I give them two thumbs down.
5, Today was my first time here. My fiancé saw this place and wanted to try it, but we found it out was closed on the weekends. =( My craving for a tasty sandwich/panini lead me to this place finally! I left work early so that I could beat the lunch rush and I definitely beat it.   I decided to get the Chicken Sandwich (chicken, mixed greens, bacon, tomato, cheddar cheese and pesto) on a panini minus the bacon. The sandwich itself is pretty large which was surprising, because in the pictures it looked smaller. The sandwich was very flavorful and chicken was white meat (my favorite) and tender! All the ingredients paired up perfectly.   My addiction to chocolate croissants also had me running to this place. Yes, I ordered the pain au chocolat....two of them actually. Although this is not on my diet plan, I had to get them. The crust is very flaky but buttery at the same time. It was pretty dang delicious!   I took all of this to go and my panini was still warm by the time I got back to work. There were a couple of salads that caught my eye so I definitely will be back for more deliciousness!
3, It left me with a sour taste in my mouth. No pun intended.   My husband and I stopped by for a quick snack during a break from work. They run lunch specials before 3pm and we got there by 2:45pm. We shared the veggie combo and maybe that is where we went wrong.  When the female server (who is usually there) dropped the dish off she said, "You got servings for two. The new guy is still getting used to our portions. It's no problem." Cool.   Well, once we were finished we got the bill and we were charged the dinner price. The time was only 3:20pm. Yes, we scarfed it down...we bring a whole new meaning to fast food. Anyway, my husband asked her about it and she insisted we arrived after 3pm. I know it was only a matter of $5 or so, but to me it was the "customer is wrong" attitude. We paid for the dinner price, but left feeling as though it was a bit passive aggressive to charge us more when we did not arrive after 3pm. Maybe it was because we shared, maybe it was because the new guy gave us more, or maybe her watch was running fast. Who knows? Anyway, it will be a long time before we return.   Since the old owners left, the food quality varies. Today was a fresh day.
5, The latest Toronto popup to go brick-and-mortar style is Toronto Underground Market fav Rock Lobster Food Company. They settled in this past weekend and opened their doors for the first time Saturday night. We visited Sunday right at opening and were greeted by friendly staff eager to follow up opening night.   Atmosphere  The decor was nice, tied in well with the seafood style with wood trimming abound. The couch adjacent to the wall was quite comfortable and it appeared as though the entire restaurant could seat about 60 with some extra room leftover. Greeting you as you come in to be seated is a mouth-watering raw bar. Further down is the more traditional bar which includes a neat feature that I haven't seen in Toronto, wine-on-tap. This feature was not quite ready for launch, but owner Matt told us that he will have it operational soon and that he is the first one to bring this to the city. There are a couple VQA wines available for $1/oz, which is not bad. The music is a crossover between classic rock & hip hop at a decent volume. Brittney Spears was played at one point, to which Matt quickly got rid of and apologized. Rogue employee playlist or something more sinister?   Drinks  We started out with the Rock Lobster Caesars, RLF's take on Caesars with a nice big beer mug and a lobster tail shoved in because why not! They were delicious with a solid kick, and the lobster tail was a nice contrast for the drink. Post meal we tried a couple of cocktails off the menu: Queen Pickle and White Rabbit. The  latter was far superior, a nice sour mix with delicious Tromba Tequila to stand on.  Eats  To start out we ordered two oysters each, one of each kind they had. Unfortunately their supply had been wrecked from opening night so they were down to one kind. Very fresh and delicious. We also had the Lobster Cappuccino which is the RLF take on lobster bisque and oh-boy did they nail it. Incredible bisque with nice chunks of lobster, chives and topped with Crème fraiche. Matt described his process in creating this dish and how he wanted to really nail it as a fresh take on bisque and he delivered. Our third and final appetizer was the jerk crab & shrimp. Be prepared to get messy eating this, you will be fully covered in oils and spices when finished. Trust me when I say it is totally worth it. The jerk spices were done the right way and didn't overpower the crustaceans at all. As all of the seafood we sampled tonight, it was fresh and delicious. Lastly, the mains came in. Lobster rolls, and the legendary RLF rolls are on the money. I don't believe I've had a better lobster roll anywhere and I've had a few.  Verdict  Matt owner/chef came by our table a couple of times. You can tell he has a passion for his work and his cooking and it really comes across both in person and in the food. We told him that we hadn't had seafood this good since a trip to Boston years ago. Service was on point all night (even the bartender came out to check up on us), everyone was super friendly and enthusiastic. The web site definitely needs some work, namely menus and pictures of the new joint, but honestly that is how far I had to reach to come up with a complaint about this place. I am eager to see if they will maintain their high standard and will definitely be back soon to try out some more items. Lobster Poutine anyone?
1, One of the worst HOB I have been to.  My wife and I went here on a weekday and it wasn't too crowded. Decent looking place. My waitress was nice, but she reminded me of the gal that was on Seinfeld, a low talker.  I could barely hear anything she was saying.  I hoped I didn't misunderstand anything she said and ended up with a meal I didn't order. I ordered a shrimp po' boy.  The shrimp was just okay, no spiceyness to it, but the bread it travelled in was bad.  It literally fell apart when I tried to pick it up. For the price, not even remotely worth it. My wife ordered a salad.  It was lettuce with a small chunk of blue cheese on the top and dressing on the side.  For nine bucks. And though this is no fault of HOB, my wife didn't like the lettuce offered and she asked for another kind.  They did not offer anything else. Very disappointing meal.  Lots of waitresses and waiters standing around.  It seems like this place is going on it's rock and roll reputation. We will not be back, at least not this location.
1, This was the worst manicure/pedicure I have ever experienced. I would not recommend this place nor would I ever go to her again.  The reasons for my low rating:  1.K Von said that she guarantees her work and that it will last at least 2 weeks. 4 days after my gel manicure, it started to lift & peel. This has NEVER happened when I got gel I asked her to redo it and she would only do it on the days she was free. She refused to do it a week after it happened. That doesn't seem like " I always guarantee my work" to me.   2. She was very unprofessional in my opinion. She kept on talking about how little she makes in this business, how expensive it costs. I think she says that so I will tip her more. She also cussed several times in my presence and talked too much about her personal life.  3. The "salon" is a small room in a salon and she has a limited selection of nail colors.   Overall, number 2 and 3 wouldnt really bother me that much. The main concern is that my nails only lasted 4 days.  Very disappointing
4, Fitness Cafe.  You walk in, its clean and tidy. You can see what is going on behind the counter, which I love.The owner is awesome, extremely friendly.  The only annoyance is that if your in sweats and glasses and not feeling like running into anyone "Scottsdale" this is not the place. Pretty much looks like the LA Fitness in Tempe or the 24 hour fitness next door. Which is understandable. If anyone has been to either of those locations- its one of those gyms where the girls where butt sucking spandex and prance around from treadmill to treadmill with an Ipod in one ear and a cell phone in the other...  Not all of us are on the HCG/HGH train-so between the photos on the wall of the hottest bodies around and running into the Affliction wearing meat-heads I try to avoid most days.......it doesnt make me wanna shove my face full of any sort of food, healthy or not.  Gotta say-LOVE LOVE LOVE THE MENU.....SO MUCH TO OFFER. So many healthy choices, in fact if there was a fitness cafe express/drive thru... I would eat there daily, breakfast lunch and dinner.  The menu has smoothies, breakfast wraps with egg whites- my favorite is the "All shook up" which is a combo of chicken, rice, broccoli etc...If you order a chicken sandwich thats exactly what it is. A very nicely cooked piece of chicken...not like anywhere else where you know they just stuck a costco special piece of chicken in a deep fryer.  On a scale of 1-10 for the food I would give it a 9.7, deducting a smidge for flavor- but who cares if it is healthy right?????  Location and no drive thru ---- 6.....
1, Let me begin by saying I have never eaten their food, and unfortunately never will due to my encounter with this truck today in Phoenix. During an emergency situation in which a firetruck was trying to make it through traffic on the i17, I found myself gazing at the lovely looking food truck next to me (Bang-Bang Dumplings - displaying cherry blossoms and a large Buddha statue...) Ironically, as traffic was forced to move this seemingly peaceful food company decided to push their truck and food trailor into my lane, which was bumper to bumper. I had no choice but to hit the gas and go forward or this truck would have caused me to crash into the side railing to the right of me - where an emergency responder was coming up on a motorcycle. As I looked out my window to try and figure out what to do, the woman and young man in the front of this truck immediately began screaming "F*ck you!" and honking their horn repeatedly until I finally lost my temper. I admit that, but I was also unnecessarily endangered by this company's reckless driving. As a localist, I know I will not be supporting a company that treats members of our community this way. What a horrible experience. Even if their food is good, this ruined it for me. Glad to see from the reviews I'm not the only one who has crossed paths with Bang-Bang Dumplings reckless driving.
5, Simply amazing!  Great services offering an exquisite Persian cuisine.  This is my go to place for Persian food.  I normally go for their Bakhtiari Kabob, which is plump, tasty charbroiled chicken and beef goodness served with basmati rice (white and yellow), charred tomato, charred pepper and white onion.  I have eaten similar dishes in other eateries without questions, but here the service is so genuinely nice and approachable that i had to ask if there was a particular way of eating the dish. The wonderful server  enthusiastically explained that they normally smash the tomato into the rice along with the butter (optional) and take a bite of the onion and chard pepper with the meat,  ah ha, and that is exactly how I would end up enjoying this dish.     Another yummy thing to enjoy here is their cooked to order Sangak Bread which you can see cook in their special oven right before your eyes! this is easily enjoyed alone or with any of their yogurt, hummus, eggplant dips or soup.  I also recommend their homemade Iced Tea which is so refreshing and don't forget dessert.   Their baklava is on my list for next time but for the last couple of trips i cannot pass up on their Saffron Pistachio Ice Cream made right on premise... simply decadent!  The portions are huge, the eating experience is unique and the service is the topper and absolutely the best!
5, THIS PLACE IS SO EFFING COOL!!!!! I'm so glad that it opened up!   The best thing about this place is the MAKE YOUR OWN POLAROID option. They have computers sitting around the room for you to print out (thicker, almost cardboard thickness) polaroids of your own pictures.  Hint: its probably faster to email your pictures to their email address rather than text it. I tried several times to text but it never went through, but email was quick and seamless. So you add your pictures, and you can add text or borders to your pictures. Then you pay up front, and wait for them to call out your name (usu around 15 min) and voila! you have your awesome polaroid pics!   They have free wifi for you to connect to (a luxury, I don't know why las vegas strip as a whole doesn't offer free wifi yet), and they have items on sale there for you to purchase to put your pictures in. They have cute tshirts for you to buy, and a free polaroid museum upstairs!   I love the new linq area and i love that there's a new shop here for us instagram/ hipster/picture taking people!
5, About 4 months ago I purchased a 1973, yes, 1973 Mercedes 450 SL as a gift for my wife and best friend of 44 years.  After attempting to purchase this truly wonderful piece of German workmanship for over a year, private sale, finally, on December 5, 2015, we owned the 450.  That's a 43 year old automobile.  Its possible that the car and my spousal relationship were created within days of each other.  Both are now mature, incredible parts of my life.  (This is a love story) While all great things require tender, loving and constant care both are, in fact, labors of love.  Recently some safety issues on the 450 required attention.  Normally I would have  addressed them myself and complete the required fixes. However, we recently moved, have prepared several  additional  pieces of real estate for  sale and generally have been insanely busy . Yesterday morning I went on-line looking for a repair center for the 450. The Mercedes of Chandler web site came up early in a Google search.  I was able to *chat* with Joy on-line and her professionalism was immediately evidence.  A very few minutes later we were talking on the phone and getting a service appointment set up.  After a tiny bit of begging, because the 450 issues involved safely, the safely of the best friend mentioned earlier, we locked in a same day appointment. I dropped several projects at my new home and drove over to the dealership. Remember this is a love story.  Joy had set me up with Ray Courtney, one of several Service Reps at the dealership.  Ray and I discussed the critical issues of directional signals, emergency flashers, and the occasional smell of fuel.  Ray was really up-front about the problems of parts for this 43 year old vehicle and asked if I might leave the car and they would provide me with a loaner vehicle. I agreed and was very quickly set-up with a late model c-300 loaner. The 450 quickly disappeared into the shop and a few conversations about parts and delivery times and rehab services in the local area for the up grade items we have planned  on the 450, ensued.  Leon and Andrew, both incredibly helpful and friendly people, stepped up and aimed me at local shops and businesses that could assist us in the planned  up-grades. After a snack and a  bottle of water, on the house, Leon was going over the fantastic features on the loaner car, Ray, my service rep, reappeared and advised the 450 was finished and ready and in just a minute or two my bill was prepared and presented by the before mentioned Andrew, the fellow who, with a youthful and super pleasant manner, settles the financial matters.  The bill was super fair, folks, I am fugal, believe me, super fair. . Leon bought the 450 around and we checked to see that all requested work was completed.  IT WAS. Period.  In less than 6 hours since the "chat" with Joy, the work was completed and I was on my way home.  I had had face to face contact with at least a half dozen of the dealership's employees. Each and everyone of them displayed outstanding people skills. Management is doing a lot of things right when the entire staff is so focused on getting the job done right, quickly and correctly.  This dealership can be very, very proud of its SERVICE Department and its staff.  I will sing the praises of this experience for a very long time.  Hats off to Joy, Ray, Leon, Dan and several others, you made this old mans day and then some.  Thanks a MILLION to each of you.      A very happy customer,  Pete Drew    PS- the only thing that could this dealership better is that is would located in my neighborhood. But then I would not have enjoyed the fun and excitement of the 130 mile round trip in the 450. Did I mention that the 450SL is a convertible roadster with a hard top, rag top and the best top --None. A great mid-sized V-8 engine and matching drive-train.  This vehicle can get you illegal in a heart beat.   And now it's back, thanks to all at this dealership, to it's fun 100%, love-able self
4, This place is Krazy. It was unexpectedly very good. It could just be my expectations were low to begin with, so even average food exceeded my expectations.  I've driven past it dozens of times but never considered trying it because of the name. That is until one day I was craving crab legs and searched Yelp for a decent seafood buffet. Krazy Buffet popped up and I figured for a fraction of the price of a casino buffet, I'd give it a try. I was nervous about eating here (I mean, what can you really expect from a place that misspelled crazy?) But I was surprised at how good it turned out to be.  First I should mention they only have crab legs for dinner which starts at 4pm. If you paid for lunch and stay around for the crab they will charge you extra. At least that's what the sign says.  Anyway, the crab legs were just ok. I don't know if they were frozen or pre-cooked, but the texture seemed a bit squishy to me. But hey, it was still worth it because it's crab! We ate so much crab I think they were happy to see us leave.  The selection of other items was pretty good. It's what you would typically expect from a Chinese buffet. The items that stood out to me were the large steamed shrimp with shell on (a bit bland but very fresh), clams, meatballs, tiramisu, and strawberries.  Service was great. Everyone was so friendly, they kept our drinks full and our table clear. Obviously a buffet is self serve but the employees here are much more pleasant than some expensive high end restaurants I've been to. I'd recommend it for a cheap meal.
3, Gourmet hotdogs.. what could that possibly be? My curiosity certainly got the best of me. Tried the Frankathenpolis which was a super long name. What felt like a tongue twister I placed my order as "the Franka dog". It is advertised as a gourmet hotdog but if you take out all the unique toppings that they give you the hot dog itself tasted just like any regular street dog  For $7 the hot dog that I ordered came with feta cheese, tomatoes, green olives, diced red + green peppers, olive oil, lemon juice, and my choice of other toppings. I ended up adding hickory sticks, corn, and celery + carrot sticks as well. Yes it's a weird combination but after all it's the Frankathenopolis so may as well go big or go home. You can think of it as a greek fusion hot dog.  There were around 10 types of sauces to choose from. The labels on the bottles were rubbing off so it was somewhat difficult to determine what each of the sauces were. Thankfully the service was great and they were patient with me deciding which sauce to choose from. In the end I settled with mayo and some kind of honey mustard :)  Overall I felt that the meat tasted standard and it was small, but in combination with those toppings I would say it tasted pretty good. It was served in a red plastic basket lined with a sheet of paper that says Fancy Franks. Inside the place is pretty clean. In terms of the seats there are some window seats facing Queen St. W so  it is always hustling and bustling with people and streetcars. The taste was average and not bad but the hotdog meat could be better. Overall I would say the hotdog itself = 2.5/5 but with the toppings it is 3/5
1, This shop is not recommended by me because they are shady and will intentionally lie in order to get more labor done. They upsold me to $1400 of repair work for a $140 job and still did not diagnose my issue properly. These are the mechanics that your dad told you to avoid.    My experience:   This shop was near my house and figured it was convenient to drop my car off and get work done. I previously had my power steering pump replaced. That job was a few months before this incident, and I was marginally satisfied with the outcome. (They should have discovered the PS Cooler was broken and causing my coolant and PS fluid to mix - poor attention to detail.) That cost me about two hours of my time doing a PS flush and bypassing the PS cooler myself.   This incident was when my AC Compressor Clutch seized up earlier this year (February, I recall). It made an awful screeching sound while driving. Not being strong in the field of AC on cars, I decided to bring it in and get it properly diagnosed. It was somewhat of an emergency due to the severity of the noise and they were only a couple minutes up the road from me. My father is an ASE Certified Master Mechanic and counseled me between the discussions I had with the shop owner and mechanic on duty, and he lives a hundred miles away.   The shop owner informed me that my entire AC Compressor was busted and needed a complete replacement including a flush of the AC system and the Accumulator. After he said this, he quoted me at $1400 to complete it. Assuming this was a "recommended" upsell, I asked, "What is the minimum work to get done so it doesn't screech?" He backpedaled and said that if you don't do it, bad things will happen. Great, now I'm dealing with dishonest mechanics.   My dad explained to me how an AC Compressor works and how the clutch on it operates independently of the compressor. Explaining this to shop owner back and forth, he agreed and explained he doesn't replace AC clutches. In theory, if they were honest and would be willing to do it, they could pick up at least a couple hours of labor. I refused their services and requested they take the AC belt off. When I left, I expressed my disgust in their lack of ethics and how they give great mechanics a poor reputation.   I drove my car to my father's house. In a matter of minutes he confirmed that the issue was the AC Clutch assembly and not the AC Compressor. A little searching online, I was able to find a brand new AC Compressor cheaper than a clutch kit and ordered it. The following week, we installed it over about an hour. No recharge or flushing necessary as the AC Compressor was functioning perfectly.   We were still shocked at all the work the shop suggested for such a simple job like this.  If this shop advises you on work, ALWAYS get a second opinion. It is in their best interest to upsell you on services and parts to make higher margins. It is this behavior that will get this shop in trouble with the Attorney General for unfair and misleading business practices. I rarely give "1" stars on Yelp, but this place earns it.   I will never do business at this shop again and I recommend you don't, either. Alternatively, I have had favorable experiences with Tire Pros in Chandler.    Signed, Joe Manna 98 Chevrolet Camaro SS 5.7L LS1
4, We had a great dim sum lunch experience here this weekend!  There were about 20 people waiting outside when we arrived, so I thought that Andrew and I would have to wait for half an hour or more to get in, but to our surprise, we were seated right away in a small anteroom with several small tables and two large ones. A waiter brought us a pot of tea and forks/knives for Andrew, too.  I had dim sum with my family all the time growing up so I knew what I was doing, but Andrew was a little startled and put off by the nature of the service, especially when two cart-pushers got into a traffic jam near our table and shouted at each other. It's all part of the chaotic, fast-paced dim sum experience, though. I got us rice sheet rolls with bbq pork, shumai (shrimp/pork/mushroom), hakow (shrimp), pork potstickers, and eggplant stuffed with shrimp. Everything was extremely yummy and we were full after only 15 minutes! We didn't feel pressured to leave when we were done (nor, apparently, did the folks at the table next to us, who sat without food, discussing TMI health problems for the entire time we were there).  You really don't need to speak Chinese to eat here--I don't--the servers call out the names of their dishes in English, and you can hold up your fingers to say how many you'd like, or just point and nod. No pressure to take anything you don't want to--just shake your head or avoid eye contact altogether. At the end, wave to one of the waiters and they add up your stamp card and ring you up at your table. It was $22 + tip for the two of us--not bad at all, considering how much food and the variety of dumplings we got!  It was definitely comparable to many dim sum restaurants I've been to in the San Francisco area! Next time it might be nice to come with more people, so we can try more dishes between us plus some of the stuff from the menu, but we'd also probably have to wait longer. When we left, there were probably 40 or 50 people waiting to be seated!  Yum yum yum. Now back to Burlington, to dream of dim sum until our next Montreal visit.
4, The sweet potato latte which Misti wrote about was what got me interested in coming here. However, it was a warm day and our bellies were full of hotpot. I wanted something cooling, so I got the patbingsu (regular size).  The server who made the patbingsu really stuffed it to the brim! He even apologized for the fact that it would be messy to eat, as there was so much stuff in it. There was a nice amount of shaved ice, kiwi, banana, strawberry, boba, mango, watermelon, and the mochi bits. I loved the mochi bits, they were the perfect size!  As were waiting for the patbingsu (and my friend's iced coffee), the smell of the taiyaki fish cakes wafted into the air. We decided to get one and split it. Well, "one" was actually "one order" - it came with 5 of the fishies. When we sat outside to eat everything, my friend noticed on a window poster that the fishies can come in different flavors (chocolate, red bean, and one other which I can't remember). The server didn't ask us what flavor we wanted, so it was just the standard red bean. While I love red bean fishies, I think my friend would have preferred chocolate as he said the red bean fishies were "meh".  This is a cute space, with interesting treats. Definitely sit outside and enjoy the sun with your treats if you can.
1, I've been to this restaurant multiple times and even though the drinks are quite pricey I still liked the restaurant's vibe and food. As a result, I decided to have my birthday on November 13th, 2015 here. I called beforehand to let them know that I'll be bringing 10 guests with me. They informed me that even though they don't take any reservations, they'll still keep in mind that a group of people will be coming at 10 pm on Friday night and try their best to accommodate us as fast as possible. When I asked how long the wait time will approximately be, the guy told me around 20 minutes which doesn't sound too bad. My friends and I arrived at 10 pm sharp. There were around 7-8 people ahead of us and it was a very cold night but we decided to wait anyhow. An hour and a half passed by and we were still not seated. Throughout the time we were standing in line, we took a couple pictures because it was my birthday but the bouncer or the guy at the door kept telling us to stop taking pictures and that we were blocking the way which we were not doing at all. And last time I checked, I was allowed to take pictures on the streets whenever I wanted. Not the best impression to get from someone who works there but finally, when we got to the front of the line after approximately an hour and a half of waiting, a group of 5-6 people appeared from nowhere and were let in. Everyone was shocked and no one could believe their eyes especially knowing that this restaurant, in particular, doesn't take any kind of reservations at all. Therefore, I went inside to find out what's happening and both of the guys standing in front of the doors told me that they the group who just went inside were with the owners and ignored my questions about how they were let in, in the most unprofessional manner and kept saying they were with the owners and ultimately left the conversation when I was talking and went away to serve other customers. Even though we were all agitated, we still waited another 15 minutes. Finally, the bouncer came outside and asked to check everyone's ID which he didn't do for anyone standing in line in front of us. Also, he didn't mention anything about checking ID's for more than an hour and half that we were standing in line. If we had known in advance, we wouldn't have spent our time standing in line for a restaurant with very poor customer service. Two of my friends were not legal at the time so he refused to let us in. No apologies whatsoever. This is the last thing he said to us, "I cannot let you in, go eat somewhere else". Never have I ever encountered such a rude and unprofessional customer service from someone working at a restaurant in my life. I called the restaurant to express my complaint to the manager at least 8 times but no one picked up the phone. The voice messaging system is also always full so you can't leave your name or phone number for them to call you back. Unless contacted by this restaurant and given an explanation about this whole issue, I will not be going back to Warehouse and would not recommend anyone to go to this restaurant either.
5, I write this review 3 weeks later because I'm still thinking about it after seeing it on August 31, 2016. This show completely blew my mind-- I wish I could give it 10000 stars. I felt so, SO lucky to have witnessed such amazing talent here in Vegas. BAZ was absolutely the best show (musical) I've seen in Vegas. I was in awe of the talent & dedication on that stage; everyone was FULL OUT and completely committed to their characters and to the story. It's almost 90 minutes of nonstop music, dancing, & storytelling, seamlessly weaving together 3 separate love stories: Romeo + Juliet, Great Gatsby, & Moulin Rouge. The Romeo + Juliet sections had me in tears (Romeo, played by LJ Benet, was an OUTSTANDING actor. And Juliet, played by Timyra-Joi, had a beautiful, rich voice - I hear she is only 18!). The voice & vulnerability of the actress playing Daisy, Joanna Jones, gave me goosebumps and just had me saying "wow" out loud throughout her dramatic, emotional song "Over The Love." She was stunning! Everyone was stunning. The lights, the sound, the costumes, the band, the dancing, the theatre itself... so, so good. I really can't say enough about this show! You MUST go see this show if you come to Vegas!
2, I don't understand how a hotel with such a name can be so bad??.. So many people talk about The W like Drake for an example "I'm at the W but I can't meet you in the lobby" but this W isn't the same like the rest. The others are bigger and the rooms here just feel cheap. You're paying this high price for a room that's not even the size of a regular bedroom at home. They have LG TV's from like 2007. In this Scottsdale area you shouldn't have anything so cheap especially if your rooms are so expensive for no reason. They give a speaker that connects to IPhone 4's... Like? What? I stayed here randomly and didn't have a tooth brush guess what? They didn't have one either? With this W being in Old Town places with bars and clubs you'd expect them to have these things because a lot people get a room randomly and don't drive home so you should have these things for them. Also there are no balconies just a window that opens again doesn't make any sense. For the price I would say no. If you compared to a motel 6 I would say the motel 6 has probably all the same things this place has. Save your money and find a different hotel. The only reason this place gets two stars was the staff members downstairs called me boss at 5am when I was coming in drunk.
4, Finding Italian worth eating in north west phoenix is not exactly easy - there are very few spots that offer good quality Italian food - i will say This place is one of them!   I found this place through a best friend of mine and now frequent the establishment often. I love love love there pasta! Its cooked to perfection and there sauces are spot on! Pasta Giovanni is a fave but i also love the Alfredo and there pesto Alfredo - all of there sauces are on point!   There is also Pizza and all the classic favs like lasagna and eggplant parm! They have great appetizers like Italian fried cheese and Calamari - believe it or not there fries are amazing!!!! Ever try fries with red sauce or pesto aoli ?  You should :))) they have killer huge salads as well - i love the tuna salad :)   The service is awesome! Im a bar girl so i never sit in the dining room but the bar service is on point! Especially when Suzy is on Shift - she is friendly and funny and always glad you came :) not to mention how she cares about the little things like Halloween Napkins - that made my day brighter!   Oh yeah! If your into clam chowder they serve it Fridays made from scratch and it is the BEST in the Valley!   Why 4 stars and not 5... Well i don't like there bread. The bread tastes cheap and preservative like - its just not good. I would love if they stepped there game up and tried a better Italian or french bread - i would eat sandwiches then - which they offer quite a few of but the bread is so bad i will not do it as of now.   Overall its awesome - and i love it here!!! :)))
4, I got the Buffalo Bill. It was a bison patty with bacon and Frank's red hot sauce. It was great! The burger was cooked perfectly! I mean, I don't know how bison is usually made but it tasted great so I'm assuming it was cooked well. It was spicy and savory! I strongly recommend it.   I also got some of the Parnassian truffle fries. They were really good but I wouldn't recommend eating a while order by yourself. They are full of flavor and it can be easy to go a little over board with them. But the regular fries were equally delicious! Very brown and very crispy just like I like them!   I thought I might as well try a shake while I'm here and boy am I glad I did! I got the pretzel and Nutella shake by recommendation of our server. She did not let me down at all! The shake was pretty thin and easy to drink and was topped off with pretzel chunks. Needless to say it was amazing!!!   Only gripe was that when I walked in I was really unsure of what to do. Took me a few minutes to figure out that I needed to order at the counter. But now I know :)
1, Never again.  Not only will I not set foot back in Bricco, but I'll never stay at the Doubletree because of the rude manager at Bricco.  I tried to complain to the desk at the hotel and was told that the individual that had spoke to us the way he did was the Manager so not to put in a complaint until the next morning.  We were locked on the Patio and knocked to be let back in...no one came...shook the door and the Manager came and opened the door.  I assumed he was letting us back in.  Instead he told us the door was locked (as he's standing in it) and that me and my fiancee can jump the fence to get back in....Seriously?!  He then shut the door and walked back in.  Yes, we're still standing on the patio locked out.  This was at about 11:30.  I jumped the fence, went the entire way around the building, back into Bricco and to the door that he just shut to let her in.  Very rude and cost them my repeat business.  This man does not need to be in a business that deals with the public...get him in an office behind a wall where he doesn't have to be bothered by paying customers.
2, This is a tough one to score, we wanted to like it, but must lean toward "just below average" for the whole experience.  We drove out from old town Scottsdale on Sat night, not wanting to deal with the huge 7PM crowds there.  At first it looks to be sort of a divey spot, on a gritty looking stretch of Bell.  The place was about 1/2 full.  The waitress and bartender were friendly.  We were still optomistic.  We ordered the famous pulled pork.  Wife got the sandwich with $1 side salad.  I got the plate.  Salad was very good.  Food came fast.  Now, the irks begin.  My $14 mound of pulled pork has no bread.  I asked the waitress if I get bread.  She say no, but I can BUY 2 dinner rolls for $1.  OK but HUH?!  Did I just come to a BBQ place, a place that sells themselves as BBQ, that served me pulled pork w/o bread?  YUP.  BBQ Cardinal Rule #1, broken.  Please go to TX, GA, Carolinas and see how this is properly served.  So I get the bread and dig in. But  I want more sauce.  I dawns on me, no BBQ sauce on table.  HUH?  There goes Cardinal Rule #2:  place touts itself as BBQ but is stingy with the sauce.  So after a few I start looking for the obligatory stack of extra napkins.  None to be found.  HUH?  No extra napkins to wipe the slop off our hands and faces?  YUP.  No extra napkins.  Cardinal Rule #3.  I ask the waitress.  She says OK but never brings the napkins.  And they offer no hand wipes after dinner.  Cardinal Rule #4?  The pork was cooked perfectly, tender and juicy, but was bland.  The flavor came from the scant ration of BBQ sauce squirted over it in the kitchen.  I cook pullled pork, I know how to do it well, and IMO they need to work on the seasoning.  Red potatoes and gravy were great.  That's a 4-STAR dish.  So the bill comes.  She charges us $4 for the $1 salad.  Five mins later we get her attention.  She fixes the bill, we pay (and far undertip our standard $20+ to 30%), and leave sticky.  It's the failure to deliver the essentials that kills this place for me.  They're clearly cutting costs, and doing it in the wrong places.
1, Oh jamba... first of all some background. I have been coming to this locations for 10 years. As a 23 year old that is a big deal for me. I have never had a company that provided a product consistently at a reasonable price other than jamba juice, so i thought. My sister worked here for 2 years and i am friends with a handful of now previous employees. The customer service is horrific, when i walk in and ask for the order that i called in, if you dont hear me you could simply ask "Excuse me sir i missed what you had said" instead i got "WHAT?!" Now i get it with the blenders running it can get pretty noisy, and had i been an elderly person whom may have a hard time hearing i could understand you yelling at me. However i am very obviously a young man with great listening abilities and would've heard yoh no problem had you just repeated yourself in the same tone. Not that you knew this but i work in a professional kitchen and am very skilled in tuning out background noise to communicate. As for the next part this is what really set me off and decide to never come back. I called in my order because i was on my way to work and assumed that if i called my order in i would be in and out. Instead after moving past the fact that im paying to be treated like on of your home girls, i stand at the juice pick up waiting for nearly ten minutes watching 3 girls continue workiing around me.  I was the only customer in the building and you could easily finish the dishes after i leave a satisfied customer. However i stood there waiting for a drink that i knew was already made sitting in the cooler as the person making the drinks wiped down her station. I had to go back to the register to find the girl that checked me out on her phone and when she was done she looked up at me and i had to ask if my drink was ready or if they needed to make it. Ever since Haley Hinds left the management has been on an exponential decline. At least when Stephanie Hasse worked there the other employees worked their butts off because fore mentioned employees created an enviroment of almost retail proportion. As an employee you should be in my face helping me or communicating with me to ensure that i come and go a satisfied customer. Instead you will probably read this and say.... "WHAT?!"
2, I know what you're thinking. What tourist comes to Sin City and goes to a freaking movie on a Saturday night?! Though in my defense, I'd been fighting a cold all week, and when I landed into Vegas that Saturday afternoon for a work conference, the last thing I wanted to do is spend time in a noisy casino. So my partner and I decided to hightail it to the nearest theater, where we could digest our ridiculously giant dinners (thanks, Wicked Spoon) in relative quiet.   First, this theater is super hard to find. If it weren't for the little sign in the alleyway, I never would have noticed it was there. The practically hidden location could partially be to blame for how abandoned-looking this theater is. (Well, that, and that there are a metric bajillion other things more interesting to do within a 1 mile radius). For our 10pm showing of an opening-weekend horror movie (Mama), there were *maybe* 15 people in the theater. Practically empty. Floors were sticky, seats were small, popcorn was stale, and employees were bored-looking and pretty lethargic. This theater is in dire need of an update.   If I were a local, I definitely would not come back to this theater. If you're not too picky and need a respite from the more "traditional" activities Vegas has to offer, then it's definitely fine in a pinch.
4, I was away from my typical neighborhood stomping grounds when I suddenly had a craving for fried chicken. I found this spot, Soul Foo Young and just had to try it - Chinese food and Southern food - together!  I walked into the bar, went to the order window and dinged the bell. Georgia came to the window and started up on telling me all about the food she was serving that day, she is so nice and clearly cooks with southern love. I went for the Bruce Leroy special - which is from the movie  "The Last Dragon" from the 80's. I used to watch that movie all the time! The Bruce Leroy consists of 3 southern style fried chicken wings with Chinese fried rice.   The food is cooked to order - and good fried chicken takes at least 15 minutes. So it is fresh, it just takes a little while. When it did finally come out, it was soo tasty. The Chinese fried rice really goes well with southern fried chicken which was crunchy and well seasoned. Her fried chicken took me back to the time I visited Jackson, Mississippi. So yummy. Next time I would like to try her chicken smothered in gravy, egg foo young, and collard greens - since I have to get my veggies in somehow.  One of the things about this spot is that it inside the Double Diamond Bar and because it is a bar, next time I would definitely order ahead for take out - unfortunately eating at the smoky bar can take away from the yummy food Georgia is serving up.  Call ahead, ask Georgia for recommendations, and order for take out!
4, Man, I hadn't been to this King's in years. Friday night, we needed supplies from Wal Mart, so we stopped in for dinner.   It's interesting how King's is Eat N Park's opposite number, it's Bizarro-world counterpart if you will.  EnP has the Smiley cookie. King's answers it with the brilliant and rebellious (well, for a family chain anyway) Frownie.   EnP has the Superburger. King's has the K-Boy.  Yeah, I know. It sounds like the name of a rapper or club DJ.   And it's exactly like the Superburger in almost every way. You get those moist, grey patties that taste better than their looks would have you think. They are both double-deckers. Each has its "special sauce" along with the shredded lettuce, the tomato, the diner-borne chutzpah.  However can ya get a fried egg on your Superburger?  "Ah-hahhh" says Hartley King, the company's larger-than-life founder and frontman.   So we'll call it a 4 star draw. The Superburger and the K-Boy both go to the 1-hour time limit in their dream match.   And don't forget  to try this amazing sundae on Memorial Day, which includes deep-fried (!) Frownies, to help support area veterans. It's still on the menu...  http://kingsfamily.com/about/in-the-news.aspx  P.S. Our waitress Alycia was whipsmart like Liz Phair and a joy to be served by.
4, Had a great time at this Asian fusion restaurant in cenpho with friends last night! The patio was perfect for a March evening, and wasn't loud like I thought it would be for being on a busy street. We all started with cocktails and I ordered the sloe burn (I love bourbon/whiskey) - it was really good. Very complex flavors and a little spice at the end. I'd recommend it if you're a fan of anything in the whiskey category.  We each ordered a steamed bun and I had the Peking duck - the bun is a little more taco-esque than your typical steam bun, but the meat was tender and the sauce that came with it is awesome. My husband had the catfish and it was my favorite. The pineapple tartar sauce on it is awesome.   We all ended up getting noodles for our main dishes. I got the pork ramen. I am a novice ramen connoisseur but do enjoy a good bowl of ramen - it was very good. The kicker is that it's topped with the sexiest slow poached egg I've ever seen in my life, just oozy and silky perfect with the broth and the pork. The kale in the ramen didn't really work for me, it had an acidic taste to it that I wasn't in to, but the noodles were cooked well and the pork/bacon was delicious. The broth was nice, not super heavy. I tried the curry that my husband got and it was awesome - great spicy flavor with coconut and peppers. Those udon noodles were on point.   All in all, we had a good time. I would go back for happy hour, they have good drink specials and appetizers!
5, If you're going to Vegas I highly suggest you connect with Mike. My husband and I had our destination wedding in Vegas with both our bachelorette and bachelor parties the night before and we told Mike what we were looking to do and he had everything organized for us at reasonable prices.  The strip club that he had lined up for my friends and I was pretty cool. A limo picked us up from our hotel and dropped us back off.  At the last minute we wanted to go dancing and he organized it for us to get into the Paris nightclub for free, no line.   The party promoter thing could be a little intimidating if you've never been to Vegas. You're not sure if you're being scammed, if you should pay or not, who to trust, its very confusing. I felt very comfortable with Mike, he pretty much keeps it real with you and you don't feel like your being talked out of your underwear. He's very patient and quick to respond to text messages. I would highly suggest anyone looking to have a good time while in Vegas and feel special to hook up with Mike.
1, I have been waiting a while to write this review because I was torn. I am always on the hunt for farm fresh, healthy food. I find that the west valley is seriously lacking in this type of cuisine. I think it is a great idea to bring this here, and if it was done right, it would be successful. For example, Paradise and Jasons deli are always packed. Also a Wildflower bread is on its way, and I think it will do well.  I think Field Kitchen would have done a lot better if it was opened in its own location, and not taking out a crowd favorite of Sweet tomatoes. There are many loyal sweet tomatoes customers who are upset about the change. Try this in an empty building, don't take peoples favorite thing away. This building was not designed for their new concept and just trying to fit it in the cheapest way possible. The flow and feel of a restaurant is very important. It sets the whole foundation for the experience. The flow here is off like many reviewers have pointed out. What was a good idea, had poor execution.  Anyways, we went to this on the opening day. I was excited but wary because of the change and the increase in prices. Again, I would have been a lot more excited if it wasnt at the expense of the normal sweet tomatoes and at a separate place. But being the food adventurer and wanting something healthy, we wanted to give it a shot. The first thing my husband noticed was the change of staff. There were a lot of hipster young kids. I am not sure where they came from, maybe somewhere in the east valley. I guess they are trying to market towards a younger edgier crowd than the traditional patrons. We went through the same spiel as the others when we sat down. It was a confusing concept but we got it. I am not a fan of confusing concepts but they dont break it for me. For example, I still love Paradise even though the different stations are a little confusing too but maybe because I was introduced to Panera first and they have a better flow.  Anyways, my parents went first. My dad is hard of hearing, and I don't think he got it, and he got frustrated and just ended up with a bowl of chili and did not want to go back to get something else. So he was pretty hungry by the end. My mom ordered one of the gourmet salads. She was very disappointed. She ordered a chef salad, and there was barely anything on it. I think they missed half of the ingredients, and put some flaccid meat on it. It was a terrible looking sad face salad. Next, we went up. I wanted to try one of their gourmet salads. The salad maker was so excited that I wanted to try one because not many people were, but then I asked if soup and stuff were included and was told No. Um, what? I am paying a premium price for this salad and I can't hit the soup bar? That is messed up to me, especially since you order in the same line. So I cancelled that, and got the soup and salad bar. My salad was good. I can't think of any topping I was missing. I did miss the premade salads like the asiago cesear and coleslaws. I got the the dressing spinner, and picked out a dressing. I didnt like that the dressing went all over the bowl, I had some things that I did not want dressing on. It was annoying, and I mean seriously, paying someone to do that is a waste.  Then,  I got to the 3 soup choices. I was thoroughly disappointed that I could have soup or macaroni and cheese.   I also did not like that it wasn't all you can eat. Most salad bars are all you can eat. That is the appeal of having to make your own salad, so you can try different things. Jason's deli has a small salad bar, but its delicious and you can go back. What are they doing differently that Field Kitchen cant do?  The bread station was good. I didnt taste any difference in the butters. It seemed like a marketing trick to think you are getting gourmet butter, but there is really nothing different or special. We didn't bother with the yogurt. Our experience was just lacking that we wanted to get out of there. Its sad. I think that it was a poor execution to try and get more money out of their customers and they took a crowd favorite out. Now we will never have a sweet tomatoes by us.  We have gone to the metrocenter one a few times, but not to the extent we were frequenting the Arrowhead location.   Will we be back? Probably not, I will just go to Jason's Deli, Paradise, or Wildflower.
4, This is a place that you must bring an out of town guest to, and if you really want to be creative with how to propose marriage this would be a good place to, heck it's good for any occasions other than break-ups and affair confessions.   It's a throwback to the 50s soda parlor, it's so old school, and quite cute! Everything's pink, that it almost feels like Barbie is the owner of the store and she just wanted everyone to know pink is the color of the ultimate diva! Their's a soda bar and booths, and tables and chairs, and it's a great family friendly atmosphere. During the days it attracts families and in the evening, couples, teens, and kids at heart! I like their changing flavors of the month board where you can take out either a pint of quart of their hand packed ice cream!  They offer shakes, floats, splits, and cones/bowls of ice cream! love it! And during the day there's also a food menu limited to sandwiches. One thing you'll notice when seated are the many frames of Family Circle comics. Bil Keane the comic strip writer is a big fan of Sugar Bowl and alot of his comics mention the place, so it's pretty cool a comic strip celebrates the awesomeness of this old town landmark.   These are my favorites, the top hat sundae, the buster brownie, the Desireme (D-Sire-Me) Banana Split and the 23 skiddoo!! Love them all and if I have no plans to go out, I'm willing to trek out from my place in Chandler to Old Town to pick up some ice cream and some quarts to go! It's laid back and chill... hence I've come back ever since I first went here back in 2005. Oh and the proposal thing happened to a friend of mine, her husband proposed to her at one of the booths... I think it was the 23 skiddoo!!
4, Let's pretend for a moment that we're bigshots! We want huge steaks, giant glasses of wine, and beautiful waitresses serving us. It's Friday night and we're getting drunk. That's the feeling at Bandera. Excess is normal and we love it!  Bandera intends to be a serious steakhouse, but they only have three steaks on the menu. That's pretty good compared to the rest of Arizona though. I ordered the fillet mignon with spiced curry powder. Perfectly cooked to my liking (medium rare), the curry powder was balanced, providing a nice zip that vanished as soon as it was detected. The grill masters really know their stuff, as the wood fire grill provides a beautiful aromatic char.  My entree came with a gargantuan piece of broccoli, fitting the theme of excess, as well as an accompaniment of shoestring fries. The fries were thin, crispy, and dainty, being the only reminder to an outside world where things aren't always super-sized. It was a great balance to everything else that evening.   Service is gorgeous and polite. At the bar, the wait staff is a bit hectic as they need to handle two types of requests at the same time. But it's forgivable and the food more than makes up for it.  Highly recommended if you're a voracious carnivore.
5, I've heard the stories. A tiny donut shop tucked away in an inconspicuous part of town. A tiny donut shop that makes donuts so good, that you have to show up within the first hour of opening to guarantee your chance to experience what many call the best kept secret in Pittsburgh.   I've resisted the temptation of these legendary donuts. Honestly, it sounded like a lot of work. I like to sleep in. But recently, the stars aligned (someone ELSE got up at 7:30am on a Sunday) and I was able to partake in a sharing of donut deliciousness.   These donuts are no joke. The cake donuts were crispy/crumbly on the outside and wonderfully soft and buttery on the inside. Like a perfect cake donut should be. The yeast-raised were airy and fluffy and squishy. I could have eaten at least a thousand. Like a perfect yeast-raised donut should be.   Now that I have tasted perfection, I will never forget. Perhaps, one day, that lingering memory will pull me out of bed in the wee hours of the morning so I can go another round with Better-Maid Donut.
4, Went here last weekend and had a great meal. It was pretty busy when we arrived, which is always a good sign. We wanted to sit on the patio since the evenings have been so nice lately and the host said it might be a little while. Not a problem, we just went to the bar to grab a drink while we waited. He came by once or twice after to ensure us that we would be seated soon, which was nice.   I had heard good things about the cocktails and ended up ordering the No. 17. It was awesome and I would definitely order it again. My sister got the No. 6 and she thoroughly enjoyed it as well. We decided to split the fondue and crab cake BLT. The fondue was great and the pretzels and sausage were perfect dippers. The crab cake BLT was good, but nothing really memorable. I don't think its anything against the sandwich itself, but just that I realized I prefer crab to crab cakes. Church potatoes were an awesome side!   Service was attentive and the food was well spaced out. We weren't rushed and enjoyed spending the evening enjoying the nice patio dining. Overall, I would definitely recommend this place.
3, Well after reading the reviews I decided to check out this new to me sushi joint.  I am a hard judge on sushi as I am from Seattle and have eaten a lot of fresh and amazing rolls.  With that said on to the review.  I just thought this place was eh.  I started with the usual pot-stickers which were totally pre-frozen like I can get at the store and make at home.  -1 star  Next I got my Miso soup it was typical miso so nothing to cheer or talk bad about.   Finally my two rolls came out.  I ordered both off the special rolls list.  First was the Dec. 29th roll.  I asked about why it was called that and my waitress seemed like I was the first to ever ask that and had no answer other than that's what it's always been called. -1 star.  It was ok decent flavor and decent presentation lots of rice.    Last roll comes out and it's my baked CH3.  I learned why the 3 was in the name there were only 3 pieces for $8.95.  I was a bit disappointed then I took a bite.  It totally made up for it the baked Halibut and crab and avocado exploded goodness in my mouth and I was happy this was my finale.    So overall it's not bad but totally not in my top 5 best sushi places in Phoenix and surrounding areas.  If your close stop in try the CH3 roll and you will probably leave happy.
1, I was excited to try a new pizza place so close to my house.  I should have saved my money. Person on the phone and at the shop was very nice, so it's doubly disappointing to give them a bad review.  Bottom line, our pizza was over-cooked. We could tell when we opened the box.  The crust was dark brown, as was the cheese.  On one pizza the bottom of the crust was burned black and we could not eat it. The other was not as burned, but was so overcooked it was not enjoyable.    Whoever cooked this pizza should have known the second it came out of the oven that it was ruined.  I would have preferred them being honest and asking me to wait an extra 10 minutes to make another instead of passing off something they had screwed up.  Sure they saved a little money that night, but they lost the lifetime value of me as a customer.  That hundreds of dollars lost as well as me not telling people to avoid going there.  It such a hassle to get home to discover the problem.  Do I call and complain? Do I have them make another requiring another trip and eating at 9:00 PM?   We also ordered 6 buffalo wings which were good.  Good meat and tangy sauce.  Finally, I was also disappointed in the quantity of pizza toppings.  I ordered pepperoni and mushroom and there was maybe one mushroom per slice, some had none.  I really wanted to like this place, especially because I like thin crust pizza, but we are one and done. We won't be going back.
4, It was time for a meal with my cousin, who is always willing to hit a new spot. She had been to 1847 before and recommended we go. Off to Brooklin, I drove by it 3 times. *facepalm* Their Twitter feed said that the week after my visit, they had a new awning installed making it more visible. Glad to hear it!   It used to be the home of a bank, complete with a vault, now set up as a party room. The décor has an expensive pub feel. All of the furniture is dark wood accompanied by high ceilings and large windows that let in lots of natural light. The atmosphere is cozy and comfortable. They also have a patio. The tables were a little close together if you were sitting at a table for 2. The bar is stocked with a great variety of beer and wines, including brews from the local brewers, 5 Paddles.   1847 is known for sourcing locally. I'm not just talking about food! Local musicians frequently play here. Anything from blues to rock can be heard. The menu changes as the seasons change. They source locally and seasonally to ensure the freshest ingredients. This is not your common pub!   Feeling the need for apps, she chose the Local Green Salad and I picked the Goat Cheese. The salad was fresh and crisp topped with radish, cucumber and cherry tomatoes and smothered in a sherry vinaigrette. Meant to be a starter salad, it was a decent size! The pistachio goat cheese was warm and rich. Whenever I've had goat cheese, it's always come with some sort of bread; I expected it, even though the description didn't say it. This dish made me rethink appetizers, goat cheese doesn't NEED bread. The local beets with walnut apple slaw was delicious. I never thought of putting all of those foods on one plate! A pleasant surprise!   As for the main dishes, she had the Roasted Chicken with Butternut Squash Risotto and I had the Pork Tenderloin. The roasted chicken was so tender and juicy, it almost fell off the bone. It was atop a pile of creamy butternut squash risotto. It's official, butternut squash is amazing in everything! My pork medallions were savoury and perfectly cooked. The potato pancakes that came with it, weren't like I'm used to. They were breaded. I'm not sure if that's normal, but the jus from the pork made the breading soggy. I was sad. I love potato pancakes! The roasted vegetables smothered in the jus disappeared rather quickly. Yummy.   The table next to us had an issue with one of their meals and the server took care of it in a very professional manner. He made sure that it was corrected and that they were pleased. It's nice to see how restaurants handle kitchen or service issues and they did well. Except one thing. Since our server was busy handling the next table's issue, he just brought us the bill without offering us anything else. We wanted dessert! We even snagged some dessert menus! Oh well, will save room for the next visit!   Yes, there WILL be a next visit, even if I have no other reason to be in Brooklin. :D   It's a delightful place with great staff and chefs. Check it out! Farm to Table ALL THE WAY!
3, Well first I will start off with the hostess and the snooty manager. We walked in to eat dinner and we said hi can we get a table for two.  the first thing the manager says is do you have a reservation. In a very rude way. I said "no, it doesn't look like we need one there is open tables everywhere" mind you there were tables that said reserved I understand that but the 12 other ones no one was sitting at I didn't think the comment was needed. So then she proceeds to say let me look at what I have available. She suggests the bar, or outside. We say outside is fine, as she's walking us outside she says btw these tables are communal so don't be surprised if someone sits next to you. We said that's fine. The reason I'm writing this is because I want whoever is in charge to recognize their customer service was shit. Rude attitude to sit us, all to be told anyway anyone can sit next to you with a whole empty patio. Instead of making it a hassle in the beginning just say yes we have a table not trying to be pretentious and say oh do you have a reservation. Food was good, reasonably priced. But for the attitude it wasn't as great as the manger thinks
5, I had never heard of this restaurant, so I wasn't sure what to expect.  It's a hotel restaurant inside the Sheridan, close to the airport. The restaurant was empty, as hotel restaurants usually are, unless it's during the week when people go on business trips. The decor was standard for a hotel restaurant.  Entering into the restaurant there was a beautiful French song about "soixante neuf."  Oh brother.  Anyway, this restaurant is part of summerlicious.  They apparently ran out of oysters for dinner (which was one of the choices for an appetizer), so I had a tomato soup (there was also the choice of salad), a steak, and a tiramisu.  The soup was ok, I tried some of the salad, and the dressing was amazing.  The waiter was great also, and he brought some very nice complimentary bread, with a great spread.  The steak was rib-eye, a great cut, was seasoned perfectly with sour cream, mashed potatoes, and vegetables.  The steak was on par with ruth's - it was amazing.  And the portions were huge.    The tiramisu was also first-rate.  It was light, and beautifully presented - 3 ice cream scoops of it.  I think it would have been a great deal at $35, but it was only $25.  This was one of the best meals I've had in Toronto, and would definitely recommend coming here before summerlicious is up.   Their mains alone are usually $25.  I'll definitely come back if this restaurant participates in winterlicious.
1, Not recommended. I booked and was told I would be picked up at my hotel and taken to a ticketing office and there would receive tickets for the USBR 1 hr tour of Hoover Dam for $132. Instead after  paying they gave me a different tour, NO offer of a full refund. I did not receive the Hoover dam tickets. When I called I was told I booked with their agency so they were not responsible for not providing what I paid for. The booking agency said they weren't responsible either. After over a month of back and forth including talking to managers for Airbridge and Best Tours I was given $33 back as "FULL" compensation. I paid $132. The face value of the tickets I did not receive alone was $90 so definitely not a happy customer. I was even less satisfied when I complained and $33 not even being the cost of the tickets I did not receive and still being out $99 and having never received the tour learning that the Airbridge Manager and Best Tour manager had talked and it was decided "You have been compensated" "You got exactly what you wanted."  If I were to go again, which I will be to actually see the dam, I am renting a car and avoiding the bus tour. The bus "tour" was about an hour and a half driving behind motels and hotels, did not include fund Hoover Dam facts on route, and did not include Hoover Dam tour tickets which in the advertisement were included. Instead it was a $132 bus ride to walk outside the dam and see the visitor center. Definitely not worth it.
2, We have stayed at El Cortez 5 times so obviously we liked it. Key word is liked. Bad experience from the moment we arrived. We pulled in to the valet and instead of a hello or welcome the valet stated "I need to see your room key" when I politely informed him we had nor even checked in yet and without a word he took our key and car. Check in process was extremely lengthy, we had booked a Cabana Suite, our first time staying in that part if the hotel. They had no rooms ready and it was after check in time. We finally get our key and head over to our suite. Seriously, it was the saddest excuse for a suite ever. The room was TINY and uncomfortable. The room was dirty and had the worst lighting. There was no where no put your bags so they had to be placed on the already cramped floor. The cabana suites are more expensive then the regular rooms. If you are planning on staying there, don't bother upgrading to a suite, you will be quite disappointed.   The service on the casino floor was terrible, the worst I've ever experience. I spent about 2 hours gambling at a machine and not once did a waitress come by to offer a beverage. I took notice that they only ask the people playing on tables. This has not been my experience at any other casino, ever.   I am sad to say that is probably our last time staying there.
5, We were invited by a friend to join him at Hobak for dinner.  Another trip up Spring Mountain to experiment with more Asian cuisine.  We arrived at about 7pm and were seated within a few minutes.  If we had arrived 30 minutes later, we would have waited an hour.    The restaurant is open floor seating with the kitchen on the back wall.  You have a good visual of the chefs butchering fresh meat selections of Angus beef and Premium pork to be displayed in the glass case.   Tables are round with a BBQ grill right in the middle of the table.  Most Korean BBQ places I've visited in the past, you cook your own meat.  Not at Hobak!  The waiter cooks all of your meat choices to perfection.  Whatever your choice, they make sure it's cooked to your liking.  The meats come with a large variety of side accompaniments.  Salad, soup, sauces, egg souffle, pickled veggies, to name a few.  Everything is served family style to share.  We indulged in a few bottles of citrus Soju.  Served in a shot glass and compliments the meal flavors perfectly.    Waiters are personable and very attentive. Excellent service.  They all wore name tags that looked like mini-neon glowing signs.  Items on the table was kept fresh and full.  Side dishes were always kept an eye on and replenished as necessary.    The rice cake ice cream dessert was light palate cleanser and perfect end to our meal.     We enjoyed our "interactive" dining experience at Hobak.  It was busy during our visit, by not rushed.  Good quality meats and friendly atmosphere.  A huge step above the traditional grill-your-own Korean BBQ!
1, RESCIND prior stmnt: From biz standpnt, this is very respectable thing 2 do. Was happy w/my trnr, his enrgy/motivation & even noted in my rvw the facility seemed decent. Sure u picked up on this by my happy-go-lucky, bubbly demeanor. Positive u didnt pick up on this thru our "multiple convos," as we never had any. The depth of our encounters consisted of "Hi how r u?" Disturbed u would post "u gave many unsolicited compliments so shocked 2 read such neg things". When u called Mndy 8/17 @6pm, I had just walked in2 work & told u I would call back in AM. Our convo was less than 3 min, most of which was u explaining how my trnr quit. While I told u I was disappointed 2 hear he left & happy w/ reslts I achieved from him, I had 2 cut the convo short w/u b/c I was @ work. At no time in that 3 min did I give u "many unsolicited compliments." Also, my rvw was not overtly neg, & shift in attitude came from u not doing what u said u were going 2. Sorry 2 hear u parted ways w/ trnr 4 "very serious matters that [u] will not discuss." Being in biz is never an easy endeavor; disagreements ensue, feelings get hurt, & sometimes lawsuits arise. I can assure u that ur doing right by "not discussing" any details of the employer-employee dissolution (or is it employer-indep contrctr?), as that could lead 2 rumors. Sorry 2 hear u say he's gone out of way 2 try & "tarnish" ur co "out of retaliation & anger". I choose 2 ignore that comment b/c its hearsay & angry. Think u should take ur own advice & "not discuss" any disgruntles of ur biz relations. At no time did I have a convo w/u re contnuatn of my training w/ T (ur insinuating I currently train w/ him). I find it disturbing that once again ur having "conversations" w/me that never took place. My neg perspctv that I highlighted stemmed from actions of a reimb that never took place. 1. Refund-U did agree 2 void out the contract as evidenced by ur VCE MSG 8/18 @3pm. Full mnth was 600, I trained half (300), minus cx fee (150); there4 should have seen 150 credit. Believe u have me confused w/ another client who left AZP b/c we NEVER "discussed this in detail on the phone," as our cx convo were BOTH over vce msg (my msg 2 u 8/18 in AM when I got off work & ur rspnse 8/18 PM). Based off what u promsd in my vce msg, I rvwd u by stating "From a biz standpoint, this is a respectable thing 2 do". I was refrng 2 u agreeing 2 cx contract & reimb the remainder of Aug. However, this didnt happen & thus led 2 my neg perspctv. 2. Im aware ur website had issues, as that is something I highlighted in my rvw. Not sure how my current trnr (Shaun T) can explain why ur website had issues? Ur correct in ur stmt "our staff may not have been entirely accurate". Since site has been down 4 awhile, cant remember all the peeps who were pictured but not actually there. Believe a few of them might have been Felicia, Erik, Kristen, Michelle & Alicia (Note: May b off w/ names b/c been so long, but I dont recall seeing trnrs). 3. In re 2 my stmt "He helped me achieve my goals w/out drugs/injections". In no way was I insinuating anything AZP does aligns w/ that. I was simply making a stmt (1st Amd Rght) that I did whole diet/exercise w/out HCG or B12 injections! I read up on bikini pro prior 2 contacting u & was upfront w/my trnr that I wanted 2 do this all natural. I never in any way made comment in rvw that AZP employees use/endorse any drugs. In re 2 the trnr telling her client 2 spry Windex on cake so she wouldnt pull it out of the garbage & eat it, this was NOT taken out of context, nor was I misunderstd. I have no hearing prob. And yes ur correct, this is a bold stmt...ON BEHALF OF UR EMPLOYEE! I was disgusted & appalled; shaped my overall perception of facility. My rvw was based on facts, not hearsay, as I actually heard it w/my own ears. Hearsay is when u hear stuff thru 3rd party. Agree in that u should not take comments like this lightly. This 1 time I caught my old dog eating garbage from my neighbors toppled over can & then she got sick, so this is no matter 2 take lightly. (In no way making an accusation or insinuating my dog had eaten cake sprayed w/ Windex). 4. Clean-Glad 2 hear u clean equipment "midday, @ the end of day [&] throughout the day." I must have missed every single 1 of those cleanings in the 10 wks I was there. Now thats an anomaly! 5. Equip-The piece of equipment was out of service 4 the 10 wks I was training. Theres really not much else 2 discuss on this...ur correct in ur confrmtion that it was down 4 several wks. Have 2 say Im SHOCKED @ reading ur response. U completely overlooked pstvs & honed in on negs. 2 boot, u tried 2 twist my negs as "assumptns, insinuatns, or misundrstandngs". If Im disappointed in smthng then I should b able 2 share! Sad 2 hear u think Ive had a "change of heart" from some prior postn I never discussed w/u; unsettled that u "can definitely assume" as 2 why u believe my postn chngd on AZP from a prior postn, since Ive never expressed any postn of AZP w/u
2, The queso is ridiculously good... seriously. And the homemade tortillas are also outstanding.  Aside from that, everything is average at best. As mentioned by others, this is Americanized Mexican cuisine. This is not autentica comida Mexicana, mi amigos!  We had been once before and thoroughly enjoyed the food. Hence making it a point to visit again on our most recent trip to Arizona.  We started with the chips and salsa set for the table - delicious. I ordered a bunch of queso for the table, and I started with a Tortilla Soup. It was hilariously underwhelming. I made the joke that it was kitchen scraps, and it looked the part. It was light tomato broth with a bunch of vegetables, a gob of cheese and a small corn on the cob on top. Yes, a small corn on the cob is on top. It was lousy and I wouldn't recommend it.  We ordered a pound of chicken fajitas and a half pound of vegetable ones (thanks to the vegetarian fiancee). It went surprisingly far for five of us... but the veggies weren't grilled much, which is sad because they were otherwise delicious. Also, the chicken fajitas only had one piece of green pepper and one of red on top. It should be lush with peppers and onions that have been grilled or possibly even caramelized (the onions).  Daniel E. wrote in his review the same concern, that there should be "more than a pile of onions," that he expected at least some green, red or yellow peppers. The fajitas were good and quite filling. The accompaniments were decent - cheese, lettuce, sour cream and the like. Nothing fancy, certainly no frills.  So much potential, but it fails on almost everything. It's a true shame. This place needs to be on Restaurant Impossible with Robert Irvine... badly...  This time around... the service was really lousy. And my fiancee found a bug deep down in her water. Very disappointing. The waitress first replied confirming what size bug it was, and then explained it and claimed that "we're not dirty, it's just the food smell." Then she apologized and walked away. We think she deducted a soda from the final bill... but nothing else. A bug!  And the entry foyer smelled like a high school locker room... it was foul on the way in and out.  Sad to say that we may likely not return in the future. I'm not sure if our family and friends in the greater Phoenix area will either after the bug incident.
5, As a lifelong member of the NoDa crowd, I get a big sense of pride watching a local small business grow into a stately community centerpiece. A FANTASTIC option for impressing visitors to Charlotte. Amélie's is great for a quick or small dessert after dinner and within walking distance from some of the best restaurants in Uptown.  The Amélie's brand has had a ton of success in the most recent decade, opening locations in the Caramel Commons and Park Rd neighborhoods. The key is the consistency in their premium treats. You can go to any Amélie's in the area and ask for the Salted Caramel Brownie and know you're about to have one of the best little morsels in the city no matter which location you're at. This location in particular has a LOT of spacious seating, especially for an uptown location. On the right side of the restaurant you can sit and watch pastries being made behind the huge glass window revealing the entire kitchen, and at the same time people-watch the hustle and bustle of College Street.  The decor is as unique as it gets. They got a thing for unusual chandeliers (ex. they made one out of stainless steel kitchen utensils). The interior design really is a must-see. Facilities are always clean from the tables to the floors, and the staff is friendly and very patient (which is a godsend, even as a seasoned Amélie's patron, I'll sometimes zone out just looking at all the delicious options in the display case).  My recommendation? Give the Dark Chocolate Raspberry Tart a try. You get a nice sized pastry with a rich chocolate ganache piping outlining the sweet fruit filling, on a firm yet flaky pastry pie tart. Also ask the counter staff what their seasonal treats are at the time. They typically have 1 or 2 seasonal Macarons in the case, all which have a perfect crispy wafer texture and incredible fillings.  Found this page and they're closed? No worries, their NoDa location (the original) is open 24/7 and just 10 min outside Uptown; just go 3 blocks to S Davidson, and 2.5mi north, you'll see the store right after Free Range Brewing.  Whatever your sweet tooth craves, you'll surely find something here! I really tried to think of something to critique, but couldn't think of anything valid enough to note... maybe offer free all-day parking? Yeah, get on that, then it'll be perfect!
2, Came here for lunch with my friend and her boyfriend. I ordered gluten-free tomato basil penne, which is a new menu item and my friend got the buffalo chicken potato skins which was a new flavour as there were other potato skins on the menu previously. We shared a dessert which was go nuts donuts, which is warm donuts stuffed with Nutella and sprinkled with icing sugar. The waiter was nice enough to bring us both the English toffee caramel sauce and peanut butter sauce when we asked for both since we could not decide which one was better.  I did like the food, but everything on the menu looked quite expensive for lunch, I didn't really see any lunch specials and there was a lack of vegetarian options. There were vegetarian dishes, but it was severely limited, so you'd be stuck with whatever they offer on that option rather than having anything to pick from. The restaurant is very focused on meat, all four salads on the menu contained a heavy amount of meat. If they could improve their menus, I think I'd give it a better rating. Also, I was looking forward to trying some new advertised dishes on a Kelsey's promo that I got in the mail, but almost none of those items were available at this location, so I was disappointed because I already knew what I wanted to order thinking they'd have it. I've been here numerous times as I live close by and I even once held a birthday party in the past here, in which the experience was quite pleasant. It's nice to come here at night whether for dinner or late night appetizers with a drink. I would return and would recommend it to others, but would not specifically recommend.
5, I have spent the last 14 years in the Las Vegas restaurant industry and have been to countless restaurants on the Strip, Downtown, in Summerlin, Henderson and Boulder City. I love fine dining but don't consider myself a 'foodie' or food snob ... it's just something that I enjoy. I have heard from a coworker as well as a couple of customers about how awesome this place is. Among the accolades were the food, the incredible wine selection in the on-site wine store and that it feels like you've actually left town when you dine there.  Last week, I finally took the time to make the trip and found it peacefully tucked away in an adorable little Summerlin community. Upon parking and approaching the building, I immediately thought that I might be in the wrong place. It is in a strip plaza and from the outside, does not appear to be a restaurant and seems too small to accommodate many diners. The front doors slid open and we were very warmly welcomed by a hostess who asked us if we were dining with them this evening. We stated that we were indeed and offered our last name for the reservation, I in turn asked for her name. She smiled and introduced herself as Tracy. She was aware that it was our initial visit to the establishment (we booked through Open Table which relays that we were first time diners) and explained how things work. You can either enjoy wine by the glass, which allows the opportunity for variety or you can choose bottles from the store and take them to your table to be served to you before, during and after your meal. If the latter is your choice, there is a $10 corking fee per bottle which is extremely reasonable. She then asked if we would like some time to peruse the store or if we preferred to be seated first. Since I had heard so much about the ambiance, I was eager to see the terrace and opted to be seated directly. She promptly collected menus and asked if we preferred to dine inside or outside to which I almost too eagerly responded "Definitely outside please". She smiled and guided us through the store, pointed out a quaint cozy indoor dining room to the right and stated that if we were too hot or became uncomfortable for any reason outside, we could transfer indoors ... and finally out onto the terrace. As we walked through the door, I felt like I had stepped into a different world. The terrace is breathtaking! She showed us to a table overlooking the lake through open wall sized glass windows. My husband and I exchanged very pleased smiles. She informed us that Marty would be our waiter and would be right with us. [When we were enjoying our meal, she sat another couple near us and stopped by to check on us. I was very impressed by this as hostesses rarely interact with guests except upon arrival and departure. Nice touch!] Marty appeared almost instantly and offered our water selections, went over the soup du jour as well as the dinner specials. He is warm, personable, jovial, attentive and informative. We enjoyed his service very much. We each ordered a glass of wine while reviewing the menu. Once we had ordered our appetizer, we went inside to look over the bottle selection. The prices are very reasonable and the selection is quite impressive. We made our selection and returned to our table. Marty saw us return, smiled and came directly to our table to serve us our wine. We couldn't have been more pleased with the entire experience thus far. We began with a delightful cheese plate. My husband had the braised beef which was incredibly tender and perfectly flavorful. I ordered the fish du jour which was a wonderfully delicious snapper dish. For dessert my husband ordered the crème brulee and I ordered the tiramisu. Both were divine.  We stayed and selected a second bottle of wine while enjoying the live entertainment which we were told is provided on Wednesday and weekend evenings. The performer was a gentleman with a guitar who did a great job performing cover songs of easy listening music. Very enjoyable performance. When visiting restaurants, I always ask to speak to management prior to departing. I feel that every customer's input is important to the establishment and recommend that everyone do the same. A charming man with a lovely accent (Spanish?) quickly approached us and introduced himself as Angelo. I told him it was our first time there and wanted to share what a wonderful experience we had. He seemed genuinely grateful for my compliments and thanked us for coming. Everything that I had been told is absolutely true. The food is amazing, the wine store is awesome, the staff and service is fabulous and the view and ambiance are incredible! My husband and I dined in the evening and were lucky enough to watch the sunset over the lake which was beautiful!  If it were possible, I would give this place 10 stars! We will definitely be back!
1, So originally my review was going to have a few more stars but took some away and you can read to see why.  So originally was really excited to try this place. Had seen a lot of the pictures of the breakfast food and read some reviews. We were enjoying football Sunday and New Year's Day so we weren't in the mood to cook and thought it would be the perfect time to try this place.  Ordered over the phone, got a fit and focused veggie delite omelette with no mushroom.   Husband ordered corned beef hash breakfast   He went to pick it up, they showed him both things and the girl even read everything back and everything sounded correct, she even mentioned the no mushrooms . Husband saw no mushrooms on the omelette as well. We timed it perfectly so that husband got back right after halftime and when I went to take first bite it was filled with mushroom, tried to take them out but it was just a mess after that.   Called them to complain , they were super busy which is understandable . I remember the manager asking if they showed it to us. Like yes but we didn't have a fork to open up the food and check inside .   He asked what register it was rung up on and how we paid and said there might be two charges shown due to the fact that he would be doing a charge back or something for the cost of the food without the veggie omelette .  However nothing showed up. We were never comped . And the day of we didn't have them remake it because my husband didn't want to leave again during the game to go get it ... and they were so busy I don't think they wanted to remake it anyways.   My husband and I shared his and mine was thrown away and we were both left unsatisfied.   A manager lying and saying he will pull a receipt and refund you and not doing so, leaves a bad taste , on top of getting a simple order wrong .
4, I came here on a Tuesday night and business was booming!  Yay!  I am absolutely in love with the neighborhood that holds this little gem.  It is especially nice all decorated for Christmas.  The restaurant is so cozy and warm.  I love the feeling when I walked in.  I felt right at home.  I was so happy with everything about the atmosphere.  Parking is a little tricky, as there is no lot, but only street parking.   The place lived up to it's reviews.  I was happy with the service and the food was amazing.  The had drink specials, but I choose a glass of red wine to warm me up.  It was perfect!  The waitress was friendly and attentive.  I had the crab soup to start-yum!!!  I ordered the beef stroganoff for my main dish and it was an exceptional choice.   I opted for fettuccini noodles instead of rotini.  The waitress actually forgot and remembered right when she gave it to me (not a big deal), but she insisted on taking it back and fixing it.  She was so nice, she even brought me extra wine on the house for waiting.   I really enjoyed this place and I can not wait to get back here and try more.
5, This free-standing former Taco Bell in a strip mall located on the southeast corner of 32nd St. and E. Cactus Rd, had been Golden Bowl Chinese Food for decades. I was a regular customer of Golden Bowl as they had decent food at a very good price.  When Golden Bowl suddenly became Mr. Cook's, I was not happy. I assumed that the food would be the same, but with a higher price to pay for their purchase of the restaurant. I planned to eventually check them out, but failed to do so until last night.  A few days ago, I came home to find a Mr. Cook's menu taped to my front door. Perusing the menu, I noticed that the menu had changed from that of Golden Bowl.  Yes, the prices were a little higher than Golden Bowl....but then I noticed the "Dinner Special" menu at $7.45 per person that was actually LESS than what Golden Bowl's dinner menu had been.  So, my son and I ordered takeout of our standby fare that we use to initially compare Chinese restaurants.  Mine is Mongolian Beef and my son's is General Tso's Chicken.  I was very pleasantly surprised! The Mongolian Beef was some of best I've had anywhere. The strips of beef, the vegetables, and the sauce were all excellent.  The rice was perfectly cooked and not like a lump of mashed potatoes. In fact, the rice was the best I've EVER had. My Mongolian Beef was at least as good as that from another nearby restaurant that charges $10.45 for theirs.  My son also very much liked his General Tso's Chicken.  My portion was large enough that I had to finish it the next day,  As much as I liked Golden Bowl and its Chinese owners, with whom I spent much time just discussing current issues, I have to admit that Mr. Cook's food is much better.  We will now be frequent customers of Mr. Cooks.  The only suggestion I have is for the name. "Mr. Cook's" does not invoke images of good Chinese food in the minds of most who see it.  It sounds more like a grill of some sort.  In fact, the name was one of the things that initially put me off checking them out.
5, We came here when this place first newly opened since it is owned by my good friend's family. A group of 8 of us are all eager to try anything and wanted to finally try these new "escape" type of rooms together. This is anything BUT those ghetto escape rooms that is just 4-walls and combo locks ... THIS has some HIGH Tech stuff here.   Atmosphere: Firstly, let's just say that i was a little surprised how big this place was. First when we entered, it looked like such a small little stairwell -- but I didn't expect that we would enter such a large "lounge" type area. It had the full counter for ordering food and paying for the escape room. it really just looked like a board game lounge.  This place is a combo of BOARD games and ESCAPE rooms.  Very clean place and large area to play board games while the escape room was separated in another section where the employees have to walk you to the entrance of each room.   Games : We didn't stick around to play board games after our escape rooms. So this review will be based on the escape room that my friends and I participated in. it was the "easy room" Doll house or something. Little did we expect it to have so many electrical / high tech things in the room. It was suspenseful and tough to solve and sadly we had to keep asking for clues. We were just not good as escape room things and plus , i think we were freaking ourselves out in the room. Normally, I'm not usually scared of things, but I was in the room with my fellow girlfriends who influenced me to be a little more scared!  Food: As we sat down to wait for our 2 rooms to be ready (group of 8 and we split up to have one scarier room and one normal room --- LUCKY we got the scary one), we were served with the japanese popcorn!! It was delicious -- It was sweet and salty like kettlecooked popcorn and topped with those sesame and seaweed. (Sorry, I later  tried this at home with a bag of kettle cooked popcorn and bought rice seasoning and made this to eat as well!! SO YUMMYS).   HAVE FUN!!!
4, My friend was given a groupon as a birthday gift for the zombie shooting experience. We are both horror junkies so this was thrilling news to hear.   I use the link provided by groupon which directed me to the website......... I found this website to be EXTREMELY DIFFICULT to navigate. Once to the website you're presented with different options with different prices however there are no descriptions to what comes with each price....... I.E. The groupon was for the shooting experience which correlates to the 36$ option there was however nothing there to explain this I only found this out after making a phone call and several trial and error attempts.   Upon arriving you're set up with a group of people, about 10 or so. You patiently wait your turn until a drill sergeant hurls the door open demanding the next group of survivors. You go outside where the commanders teach you how to use the pump handle shotgun, give you a few practice shots, and let you take a group photo with a zombie.   Soon after you're headed to the first zone. Your group of 10 is divided into 3 smaller groups each having to go one group at a time through each zone.......... Zone 1 was a nice practice round with only about 2 or 3 zombies in the zone.......... Zone 2 a much larger area with about 10 zombies coming after you ...... The zombies do run and get extremely close .......... Once I realized this I more so ran than focused on actual shooting ......... Zone 3 your entire group goes and splits down two different paths ........ I was part of the group that took the left path which had 2 zombies meanwhile the right path was loaded with them ........... After zone 3 you are done with your mission and enter inside to review the 3 photos you took with your zombie. The price is 35$ for all 3 photos.   After purchasing the photos we remembered the groupon came with free t-shirts. I go and choose my shirt. My friend goes and chooses her she spins it around to look at the size and there sits a HUGE brown spider on the back. Not part of the gig. A live spider attached to her shirt. The man that sold us the photos came and shook the spider off outside.   All in all a great experience. My tidbits would be to pop off as many shots as you can as the zones do not take much time to get through and to check the merchandise for spiders.
1, I came here for one reason, the free Sunday paper. I love free stuff. Even if it appears to be absurd, like a Sunday paper. The deal is, you spend five dollars and they give you a two dollar Wisconsin Sunday paper. Okay, so know you know how I ended up here, let me tell you all about the magnificent Metcalfe's.  It is just a supermarket. Not of a Safeway variety, but a Gelson's or Bristol Farms variety. Despite the many Yelpers who proclaimed that this is expensive, its not expensive. If you are buying toilet paper or paper towel here, it is expensive, but it is no more expensive on food than anyone else. I don't care about some Brat Fest, I don't even care about brats. Cheese is just cheese, in fact, if you have been to cheese stores in New York and Paris, you realize everything else pales in comparison. In fact, everything pales to New York and Paris anyway.  Back to the review. The store is well laid out, clean, the produce appeared fresh. It was early on a Sunday morning, but a lot of the prepared foods were already out. They looked good, but I don't buy prepared foods in a supermarket, unless its Wegmans, but that isn't a supermarket, its nirvana. Thus I can not assess the prepared section. I do buy baked goods, and it is on this basis that the store failed. As I was walking down the bakery aisle, I noticed a slice of white cake. I love white cake. The soft, dewy white cake, enrobed in creamy butter cream frosting *cue the angels and ethereal music* Anyway, as part of my five dollars, I bought a 2.49 piece of white cake. *gag* How much sugar do you people eat? The cake was okay, but the frosting was just a sugary, you could taste the granules, nightmare. This is not white cake!!  There was nothing wrong with the store, but if your bakery sucks, it is a good indication that the other prepared foods are not going to be very good and there are also some other flaws. I didn't see anything that was unique or that would make me want to come here. There wasn't any Bell and Evans Chicken. I did see they sold Boar's Head cold meats, which is always a plus, but is it worthy of five stars? No.  Sorry Mr. and Mrs. Metcalfe (or whomever you are), work on the bakery, let me know and I will come back and re-evaluate you again.
3, The food was hit-n-miss but on the whole good. The service was nice but she seemed distracted most of the time. The noise and lack of privacy were unacceptable.  The prosciutto with dates appetizer was good but there was nothing to it. It was exactly just the ingredients, a little bit of prosciutto and 3 dates. There's no reason to order it again and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone because you could easily make it at home.  The warm beet salad was excellent. The farmers salad however did not fit the meal or the season. It was light and citrusy, it would be excellent for a warm summer evening, or light spring lunch at a cafe, not a cold February evening at a steakhouse  The lamb was good, just good. The filet was excellent but did not need the sauce added. It was very tender for grass-fed beef.  The beef was served with some melt in your mouth baby potatoes that were excellent.  We ordered mushrooms as a side and they were not good.  This was especially noticable because the mushrooms at Red's (Litchfield's predecessor) were simply amazing.   The creme brule and creme with berries deserts were just ok.  The creme brule was over powered by the marmalade on it.  The creme with berries had some sort of cake or bread at the bottom that was supposed to be soaked in grand marnier but only half of it was, the other half was hard and not good.  We did not enjoy the proximity of other tables and the amount of noise from all the close tables packed into the dining room.  Adding to the din was the kitchen, located in the dining room with all the banging and clattering, it was hard to enjoy a quiet conversation.    It's the best we'll find in the SW valley but no one should drive out just for this restaurant.  In the end the quality of the main courses and the salads saved the restaurant. so A-Ok.
4, I was introduced to Panera when I first moved to Missouri in 2001. It was a standard out there for office party treats or a mall lunch. When I moved back West, it was nice to see it again.  When my daughter went to high school, I used to call in and have her Friday lunch treat ready for me to pick up. It was nice that they had lunch items ready to pick up before 11:00 AM. If we have houseguests, I usually pick up an assortment of bagels and pastries then replate them, which always goes well and you don't have to cook in the morning;).  The pastries and bagels are good, especially the scones and is well complimented with a plain cup of coffee. One household and office fave were the French toast bagels, as they were the first to go. I'm not too fond of their specialty coffees that are sweet. In my opinion, they are a bit too sweet.   The location is off of Eastern and there is ample parking. You can always call in your order if you are doing take away. It's very convenient.  ALSO, take advantage of their Panera card. You do get free items like a pastry or bagel. With the card, you also get a free birthday pasty which I took advantage of today.
1, The vaunted Apple service is a hoax of marketing at least at the Apple store in South Park Mall in Charlotte, NC. I purchased a MacBook Pro laptop 3 months and 12 days ago to replace a 2010 MacBook Pro.  The new MacBook Pro had a defective battery and would not boot. I met with the manager and asked about the time required to have it repaired. He said the earliest he could promise the repaired MacBook Pro was 3-5 days. Since this is the one computer that I use for my business, I asked if Apple would return my money or provide me with a replacement laptop. He said under no circumstances would Apple do so. A high end laptop should not have a battery fail after 3 months. Also, because of the way components are installed on the new MacBooks, it will be necessary to replace the memory chip as well. I will lose all of my data. The manager was polite but had no suggestions. A business cannot afford to be without a computer for a week. I have been a Mac user since 1984. I suggest that Apple offer an expedited repair service for this type of situation. In summary I will be looking elsewhere for my next laptop.
2, My boyfriend had been talking about this "amazing" French toast he had at the Cheesecake Factory when he ate there with his family, so we finally made it over there for Sunday brunch. I ordered the Bruleed French Toast and he ordered the Farm Fresh Eggs, scrambled/well, with potatoes, toast, and bacon (meat is extra). We planned to share so we could have a little of everything. I was surprised that they brought out the complimentary bread before our brunch, but it was almost lunchtime. I sure do enjoy the honey oat bread. Sourdough is alright too. When our food came out, I took a bite of the French toast and was instantly turned off by the mushy consistency. It's so thick and, I'm sure, soaked in egg. It was not appetizing to me. My boyfriend offered to switch plates since he'd had it before and liked it, so we did. The eggs were fine and maybe had a little seasoning to them. Most of the potatoes were crunchy, so I was not impressed. The bacon was really dark red in color and very crispy. I don't know if that means it is extra lean?? The toast was really not necessary after all the bread I had just eaten... Overall I was not pleased with this meal, especially for the price! And I had a stomach ache afterwards. There are so many other places I'd prefer to get breakfast food. Our server did not really have a sense of humor either. We did get a couple slices of cheesecake to go, for good measure. Vanilla Bean and Lemon Meringue. Unfortunately the meringue had melted off the top by the time we got it home... The vanilla bean tasted a lot like vanilla ice cream. So it was good, but even half a slice was too much. The lemon meringue was rather tart but the whipped cream helped to balance it out. I've enjoyed other varieties of cheesecake more than these two.
1, Bad..  Came here Tuesday night and initially I was very impressed. The decor was beautiful and me and my friend were seated immediately. It was kinda slow, so we expected our food to come out quickly. Food almost took around 20 minutes to arrive, and when it did we were unimpressed. I ordered the 2 piece mackerel nigiri, and my friend ordered a $15.00 roll, (forgot the name).   We ended up getting 6 pieces of mackerel sashimi, with a bowl of rice (no complaints.. here.. more food for less money right? and the roll was really really small... like thinly rolled small and not worth the $$$ price tg.   Ok whatever, so I'm eating the mackerel sashimi.. and I literally started choking on what I thought was ONE fish bone.. turns out there were 3 fish bones stuck in my throat and I had to HACK them out. My pretty plate setting after this looked pretty disgusting with hacked up fish pieces and bone. I told the server and showed her the bones she seemed pretty shocked, but didn't really offer any real solutions other than that she would tell the chef. 10 whole minutes later she returns with MORE mackerel.. and she said that the chef checked it super carefully this time around.  I told her I didn't want any more but she insisted it was safe... I took one careful bite, and what do you know? MORE FISH BONES.   When she came back I told her AGAIN, and at that point she offered to get me something else (but did not tell me it would be on the house). I did not want to PAY more money to risk more fish bones in my mouth but I might have taken some cali rolls for free at this point cause I was STARVING, but I was honestly just irritated and wanted to get out of there.   She ended up offering free mochi because there would be no fish bones in there.. and took the mackerel off the bill. We ended up paying $15.00 for a bad roll, and me almost ending up at the emergency room because of the TWO times I had to pull fish bones out of my mouth.   Not worth it at all, but I guess it makes for a terribly cool, but still terrible story.
5, Coming from Boston, where the Chinatown is small and dim sum options are extremely limited, this place was as good as dim sum gets to me. I was in awe of everything from the elegant European interior to the silverware to the delicious food. While things are on the pricey side, I have to say that the increase in quality is worth it! This was definitely all in all a memorable experience. I love how big the shrimp dumplings are - as well as the shrimp contained within. Definitely a must-order!   Honestly... (and I have to devote a whole paragraph to this message) what made this a truly 5 star experience was the fact that the sesame ball pastries served here have BLACK SESAME filling. I don't know about you, but I find black sesame paste to be 23498X superior to red bean paste, especially since most places will serve the typical sesame balls with red bean filling. Can I just say - when I bit into the crispy exterior expecting the trite taste of red bean but instead tasted sweet, fragrant black sesame, I was euphoric. It truly consolidated this 5 star review for me.   If nothing else - after reading this review, you know that you've got to order the sesame balls.
4, Not sure where all the negativity comes from about this place!  My kids and I were forced out of our Condo due to a flood and were put up here for a few nights:  - Booked last minute and got a great price on the room!  - Upon arrival the clerk was extremely courteous. The lobby was clean, the parking lot is monitored with security cameras and plenty of lights.  - Room was immaculate and well stocked. Tons of storage space. Safe in the room. Iron and ironing board in the room. Fridge, microwave, coffee maker and coffee as well.  - Breakfast was actually much better than I expected: scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, potatoes, toast and English muffins, tons of pastries and a waffle maker, juices and coffees, milk.  Free WiFi, computer provided 24 hours in the lobby, snack bar in the lobby (overpriced but that's to be expected). Pool area with hot tub - seemed clean  - Easy access to the 101 and a bunch of places to eat. Down the street from the hospital (if needed).  Not sure what else is expected for a place that's less that $80/night...I mean come'on peeps!
5, This place is fantastic! The service is great and the food is outstanding! The cheese puffers they bring in the beginning are delectable and a perfect introduction to the food. I had the tuna and it was cooked perfectly, the grapes provided the perfect balance of acidity.  My friend had one of the steaks and I tried a little, it was amazing, totally melt in your mouth delicious.  For sides we had the corn, mashed potatoes, and brussel sprouts.  This was my first time having brussel sprouts and I have no idea why people don't like them...they were absolutely divine, and I want to try them everywhere now.  The corn was perfect and a little spicy.  The mashed potatoes were really creamy and delicious.  For dessert we had the donuts and chocolate which was a perfect ending to our meal, little bite size pieces of heaven dipped in chocolate.  The drinks were also very good, I had the cocktail on draft which was a rum based drink...it came to the table on fire, which is awesome.  I recommend getting this when it's darker to get the full effect.  It wasn't dark when I got it, so the flame was hard to see.  Mostly, I can't wait to go back and try more dishes!
5, I absolutely love this park!  A wonderful neighbourhood gem that welcomes  people of all ages including the four legged friends.  I've been coming to Trinity Bellwoods since I was a teenager because I was an avid tennis player and spent many weekends at the outdoor tennis courts.  I wasn't quite the professional tennis player, but amongst friends and family, it was easy to pretend I was a good player, plus not having to pay for court time was a bonus.  As an adult, I don't play tennis anymore, but I like to run or walk through the park as a shortcut to the other side because it's very scenic and pretty in all seasons. Plus the loop surrounding the dog park is great for coaching a beginner runner which I have done last fall.   In addition, I love doing yoga in the park and having picnics with friends in the summer.  There's even a farmer's market when the weather is warm and plenty of events going on practically every weekend during the spring and summer. Plus the leaves changing in the fall is absolutely a pretty sight for the eyes.  Although, the park tends to get extremely busy and often rowdy at times especially during warmer weather, it's still an amazing park filled with a plethora of various interesting people.  One can easily spend the day people watching and admiring the various stylish outfits or lack of clothing at times.  Be prepared for an eclectic exposure beyond your eyes can imagine and be ready to divert the eyes of the little ones.  The park is massive for being within the city with two baseball diamonds, a hockey rink, eight tennis courts, kids playground, a wading pool and a large off-leash dog park at the centre of the park.  Also, there's a Community Centre within the park which consists of a swimming pool, kiddie pool, basketball court, ping pong tables, kids free play time and they also offer various programs for all ages through the Parks and Recreation run by the city.  Recently, I've been dog sitting for a friend away on vacation and have been coming to the park quite frequently.  I don't venture into the mud pit (i.e. off-leash dog area) because my dog charge is not great with other dogs since he's just happy being outdoors strolling through the park and wagging his fluffy tail.  With the weather warming up, most of the snow and ice has melted, and the mud pit is now like a mini pond, so pretty soon it'll dry up and hopefully be filled with some greenery and flowers.   We had a pretty bad winter and without the sunshine, the place can look pretty dreary, but it's still a great place for the four legged friends to roam around freely and the backdrop of the city skyline does look very beautiful throughout the day/evening.  I cannot wait for the spring and summer so we can all enjoy the park to the full extent.  Who doesn't like a good picnic in the park? Plus wine in tetra packaging is totally acceptable and probably the only time you can appreciate not having a bottle to lug around.  Overall, Trinity Bellwoods Park is definitely an oasis within the city filled with great energy by everyone who visits or walks through the park.  Plus location is close to the many bakeries and restaurants which makes for an easy stop to pickup goodies and food to bring to the the park no matter what season.
2, They have come out to our house twice on service calls and done what we've asked them to do with no problems. We gave them a call because they had serviced the previous owners and we had their contact information.   Their work on the service calls was 5-star.  The 2-star rating has to do with some estimates they provided to help repair some issues with our pool. I think, in general, pool service work is overpriced - "if you can afford a pool, you can afford high prices" seems to be the prevailing thought that I've found thus far. Their prices were in line with other quotes we received. However, we had a particular issue with our spa side remote - the buttons did not seem to work and turn on the specified functions. They quoted us a full replacement on this that came close to $1000. When I did some more research on my particular problem, I found that the side remote was simply not programmed - I programmed it and now it works fine. I was appalled that they would have taken my $1000 for what amounted to programming a perfectly good remote - this makes me very suspect to use them for any of their other estimates, and when I need to get that work done will go elsewhere. I feel that they should have known that the remote was not programmed when they made the service call and feel that thy were trying to fleece me with this one.
1, My husband was walking to work one day and spotted this boutique. I had been looking for a good sports bra in addition to some pretty bras because I have had a bit of trouble finding my size. I happened to show up at the store at around 5:40pm and they close at 6pm. Keep in mind, I didn't know what time they closed and I didn't even know the name of the store because my husband forgot to write it down. I knew where to go because of it's location. As soon as I walked in I saw the "what the heck?" face from the sales person, yeah- I'm calling you a sales person not a bra fitter consultant, because your job is to sell. Anyhow- she was pretty rude off the bat and let me know that they were closing at 6pm and that she would "try" her best in finding me what I needed. She put me in the room, measured me and went to grab 3 bras and none of them fit. As soon at the clock was close to six she was literally trying to get me out of there. She said she couldn't find anything my size and that she would call me. I pointed to her a bra color I would also like for her to look into for me and she was very quick to respond that the bra I was looking at was for women that underwent mastectomy's. I wasn't asking for that bra! I was telling her I wanted that color. Anyway- guess what? It's been 2 weeks and I'm still waiting on that call. It's sad for the business owners because they leave their business in the hands of people that don't really care about customer service or to actually sell. I'm never going back there again.
3, Decided to give Crossroads a try for breakfast. Our server was friendly and speed of service and food delivery was great. I ordered the Bacon Avocado Benedict. I love bacon but my Benedict was overwhelmed with bacon. The bacon was extremely well cooked, thick strips that were more hard than crispy and quite salty. There were also bacon bits on top of the tasteless hollandaise. The bits were equally hard and salty. The poached eggs were perfectly cooked with runny yolks and the avocado was, well avocado. This was the first time bacon actually ruined a meal for me. The shredded hash browns were still soggy and white and could have used a few more minutes to brown. The other dishes also looked uninspired. As for the decor, lots of distressed and reclaimed wood with unique works of art. Some of the distressed wood like the floorboards looked more like a product of lack of maintenance than intentional. Perhaps the place picks up at other meal periods or may be entertaining for Gospel brunch but my visit was a very underwhelming experience.
3, If you like Panera Bread or Cafe Zupas, you might like Corner Bakery...unless you're like me and you won't. First of all, not sure if they have their on line preordering system down. I walk in and there's no sign of what to do since I already ordered and paid, lucky a worker was near the door so I asked her and she walked me up to the front but didn't tell the cashier why I was there so he continued to take people from the just ordered line, I snuck in quick before he took another and said I needed my order. The bag was sitting there, he asks if I got my soda or cake yet...what!? Shouldn't my cup and cake be with my order, why and how would I already have it. Are there instructions somewhere that I missed on how this whole thing works here?? Everyone was really nice though. It was lunchtime so every table was full with a line out the door. On to the food, I couldn't bite or cut my Club Panini, the bread was over toasted. The Sweet Spinach Crunch Salad was good but nothing special. The saving grace was my slice of Cinnamon Creme cake, I'd go back for the cake.  Prices were similar to other soup, salad, sandwich places. Cafe was kept clean even with the crowd.
4, Can you believe this place used to be a ghetto Coffee Time donut shop? Well they cleaned this place up right nice and after months of passing by, I finally had the opportunity to stop in for a meal.  When we arrived our reserved table wasn't ready so we started off with a cocktail at the bar. I tried the Diablo, which was a tequila based beverage with a red color and a pretty good flavour overall. We were shortly moved into our table, and we got to begin the fun of choosing what to eat and drink.   We found a nice bottle of riesling for $50, and then started with orders of the house made baguette, prosciutto, warmed olives, and 60 day aged beef tartare with truffle sauce. This was my first time delving into the world of beef tartare, and to be honest I wasn't a fan until I wrapped a piece of prosciutto around it. The rest of the apps were good though, and an enjoyable start to our meal although not necessarily memorable.  On to the mains... I went with the Braised Lamb Shank in Pork Belly Hash, which was just next level awesomeness. We're talking food orgasm territory (orgaslamb?). Perfectly cooked and the flavours just complimented itself so well, this is definitely one of the best plates I've eaten in years.  My dining companion ordered the Campagnolo Cassoulet, which was composed of duck confit and a spicy garlic sausage on a bean medley type thing. I was able to sample a bit and the duck was also top notch, and while the sausage had a homemade and heavily seasoned vibe it wasn't as good but still decent. Only a couple options for dessert and neither spoke to us given how much food we had eaten already.  The ambience was nice and the servers were friendly and knowledgable, but my date pointed out something which I didn't think too much of at first, but had some truth to it that I thought more about as the meal went on. The servers were all rather casually dressed. The kitchen staff, the bartender, and the hostess were all dressed well. The actual servers were wearing denim jeans and flannel or cowboy styled collared shirts. Perhaps it is to keep the approachable and down to earth feeling rather than pretentious and elitist, but there is definitely some merit to the thought that when dropping a couple hundred on dinner bill, perhaps the servers shouldn't be more under dressed than the customers.  All in all, probably closer to 4.5 than 4 stars, and the Lamb Shank Pork Belly Hash was one of the best meals I've ever eaten, but it was not an overwhelming win throughout the whole experience, thus earning the 4.  Still, easy to understand why En Route Magazine listed this place as one of Canada's Top 10 New Restaurants in 2011, and definitely an easy place to recommend.
2, I'm now convinced this place just isn't worth the hassle anymore. We used the NoWait app, which was fine enough. We arrived and waited another 20 minutes before we were seated. Fine.   The reception and service though, are just pretty awful. First of all, we were asked to look on our phones for the menus on their Facebook page because they couldn't get them printed in time. Really? Couldn't even write them down on the chalkboard? Now I have to use my data to look up your menu in your restaurant? Then, you have to literally chase someone down to get any kind of attention, from checking in to getting refills for water or coffee. Even trying to get the check was a process. After a while I was so tired of waiting I just got up to the counter to get charged so we could just finally LEAVE. Oh, and 40 some people for ONE bathroom.   Food was alright. My shakshuka was good but my boyfriend's omelette was just...an omelette. Definitely not worth the wait, which was at least 40 minutes.   I've been here some 3 times now, and don't think I'm going to subject myself to this nonsense again. Spare yourselves the same and find somewhere else, where the staff will maybe care at least a little bit.
3, Okay yes we didn't check in till close to 1am, but what excuse was that when we went to our room we thought someone was still in there..I actually called my friend ( since they checked in for us and had our keys) and I asked them did you mess with our room.  Turns out cleaning service never made it to our room. I called guest services and all I was offered was another room on a smoking floor - PASS but the maid service would be right up.  Soooo 30 minutes into our room and our previous guest from Germany left behind some personal stuff, a lovely love note that we could only partially read and a bag he got from a convention and he took both the $4.00 water bottles, did I mention the bathroom had towels everywhere & a preview of what he ate before check out in the toilet.  I called guest services again since I really had to use the restroom and we did not want to leave for the night without our room being serviced. I spoke with the guest services manager and someone was there within 2  minutes, I couldn't be mad at the staff since it was not her fault, he cleaned it up as quickly as possible and was very sweet, I still tipped her ( She did her job) she also supplied us with EXTRA towels and water bottles - that we where not charged for.  In general the experience was good, the beds are comfy , it's still a decent hotel, no resort fees and we did late check out on Sunday, valet is quick & friendly.  I would stay here again!
1, I'm writing this review to prevent others from wasting their money at this restaurant.   I have been to Copper several times and finally accepted that the food is WAY overpriced and the service is horrible. I will not be returning. The only thing I like at Copper is the naan and with the outrageous entrée prices, being charged for a second basket of naan is tacky.  Recently I went to Copper with friends for a celebratory dinner. We waited an hour for a table even though we had reservations and there were empty tables all around. We finally complained and were seated in the center of a crowded room in the back of the restaurant . My $15 vegetarian entrée consisted of a few pieces of broccoli and a thick cream sauce--this was not included in the menu description.  Our appetizers were comped only because we complained.  I have never written a negative restaurant review before, but my recent experience was so disappointing and the manager didn't make much of an effort to rectify the situation. Apparently Copper doesn't value paying customers. I'm sure there are many other restaurants that will be happy to take my money.
1, This is a decent gym often over packed but for the price I would never complain. Until some donkey ass guys want to sit around the basketball court (not even playing basket ball), and be a sideline referee. He starts a whole big scene and then runs to the front desk to complain! How can he complain when he is only in there to start drama!   The manager Claude Schutte I believe his name is (older white guy with black hair) gets so rattled at the situation he doesn't know what the hell to do. I never heard someone stutter so much who doesn't have a stuttering problem. He then proceeds to tell me he will cancel my membership if I don't calm down. He was able to muster that sentence. In the mean time the other guy is yelling at the background after he ran to The from to tell. Lol so he makes us both leave for the day and nothing was done about the situation. Classic case of being rattled in a tough position. Get some Management with experience to handle situations vs someone who can't handle Any situation with some aggression! I mean it's a gym what do you expect!
3, Ambiance: Classy, very classy! Brought out my Sunday's best. Peaceful and quiet, but not awkwardly quiet. Stick to your inside voice and you'll be fine. This place gets a ton of foot traffic, so be prepared to wait or make a reservation in advance.  Food: Good eats during brunch! I had a classic cobb salad ($16.95) - how boring of me, but it was actually tasty.. The portion was the right size and although it was pricey, the quality and taste made it okay. The best part was the grilled chicken, it was marinaded so well. I also had the seasonal fruit salad ($8.00), as I do everywhere I go. The best part of the fruit was the light citrus-like dressing they put on the fruit salad.   Service: Terrible. It took 40 minutes for our server to take our order. I got so upset that I actually asked a random server to take my order, because my server did not bother to acknowledge us at all. I went ahead and complained to the server that took my order and told her I didn't want our original server to wait our table. The person busboy did a way better job than our server, someone should promote that man.  Overall: The food is good and the ambiance is great, but the service was just terrible and the wait is long. Come here if you're not hungry and have a lot of patience, I lacked both things the day I decided to brunch here. I don't think I'll be coming back anytime soon.
5, My brother chose Weiner-Schnitzel Haus for our family get together, which is only a group of 5, so we had no trouble fitting in this small restaurant! My husband is from Australia where "chicken schnitty's" are a regular meal, so we were both looking forward to some homemade schnitzel.   What I wasn't expecting were the amazing toppings and fillings that were available, as I am not familiar with authentic Austrian cuisine. Everyone's meal was fantastic, I had the farmers schnitzel, filled with ham and cheese, and my husband had a pork schnitzel stuffed with brie and pear, both were excellent. Even my vegetarian Aunt was happily looked after with her Mushroom Spatzle and a big salad. The side salads were actually a highlight for everyone, they had a serving of four different kinds of salad, (all delicious) with a little butter lettuce rosette in the center, beautifully presented!  Our desserts were all excellent as well, accompanied by french press coffee.  Highly recommend this little gem and will definitely be back!
1, I can only give this company 1 star based on their disappointing costumer service. Our daughter took the Saturday class and enjoyed it. However, when it comes to scheduling the driving sessions, a total disappointment!! Let me start by saying when I initially signed up I was clear that I wanted to get all 4 driving sessions in before May 9.  I even confirmed this in an email and was of course told it would not be a Problem. But as you might assume, it was a huge problem!! The woman who schedules offers all sorts of half truths to cover for the fact that it is a joke to schedule anything. She says 3-4 weeks out to schedule. And yet she could only offer dates 6- 7 weeks out. When I asked about why it was so difficult to get in the schedule, she said it was because I live so far away.  Well when I offered to drive in to their office and have her picked up from there - Guess what?? Still no drivers available.    Additionally, because they don't have driver's schedules beyond the 7 weeks or so, I wasn't even able to get on the schedule ahead of time. Instead she told me to keep calling back on the off chance that a driver turns in his schedule. When she finally got frustrated enough with me she offered two dates. I took them, scheduled the times and everything. 1 week before the first drive I checked the website and the dates were not listed. When I called to enquirer suddenly those dates were tentative. What??? Now there was no way to get 4 drives in before May 9th.  She was pleased and quick in giving me a refund, as I could tell from her cranky attitude that she was done with me. Thank goodness.   I called another driving school, and was able to get all 4 dates scheduled. About 30 dollars more and those dates weren't perfect but at least I had options and a kind person to help me. Btw, their calendar is available at least 6+ months in advance. (Not done by one lady and a pencil).  Thank you Stop and Go Driving School!
1, This place is horrible. I was towed from a U of I parking garage, which is fine. I get the fact that I wasn't parked in the right spot, but there is absolutely NO information on anywhere in the garage that tells you where your car would be when towed. I don't go to U of I so I had no clue and there is very limited information on the university website telling you where your car is taken. I finally figured out where I was supposed to go this morning after an entire weekend of being stranded in this place with no car. I arrived at the towing place fairly distraught and the man working there was the most unpleasant person I've ever encountered. This man gets his kicks from a predatory and mutually extortive/beneficial relationship with the city of Sham-paign by commissioning tow trucks to drive around and impound cars while giving inadequate information on how to get your car back. The other kicker is the fact that the offices for both U of I parking and Tatman's are not open over the weekend so I had to wait until the entire weekend to be over to find out where my car was and even if I had figured it out earlier, I would have had to pay an extra fee to pick up my car "after hours". Once I had gotten there, the aforementioned man working at the desk quite literally berated me in the office for trying to figure out how to pay my tickets online to get my car released. I was clearly upset at my situation and this man snapped at me and upbraided me for being stressed out with what was going on. On top of all that, the amount I had to pay total for both the ticket and the towing fee was $400 dollars which is way more than it honestly should be. Horrible place, horrible service.
3, I wasn't quite sure how many stars to give this place so I went for the middle. Here's the reason why:  I love calamari. In fact, I consider myself a snob when it comes to this dish. Living in Las Vegas these past couple years, I was getting fearful I would never taste good calamari again. Then I went to Kahunaville! Awesome dish. I think what makes it soo good is the tangy sauce that comes with it. Yummie! Also, the drinks are not that bad either. I ordered a margharita specifically the way I like it (skinny girl style) and it was made perfectly. My friends also enjoyed the speciality drinks from the menu while we were there.   However... The speciality drinks were way overpriced. Also, while there for dinner with my friends (same mentioned above), we had a confusing and baffling experience which brings the rating of this place down in my mind. One of my friends is pregnate and therefore watching what she is eating. That night, she ordered the nachos, which she had been craving. When placing the order, she requested the peppers and olives be on the side. Also she asked that the gouda cheese not be included. When the dish came, it was exactly as described in the menu but not as she had ordered. Good thing she and her husband had also ordered a plate of chicken wings. The waitress was wonderful to take the plate of nachos back to the kitchen to get the order corrected. BUT she then returned w/. strange news-  the kitchen refused to change the order.   I have never been to a restaurant that would not be willing to give a customer what they wanted. The cheeses apparently were pre-mixed. No problem for my friend. But the kitchen still refused to serve the peppers and olives on the side. My friend canceled the nachos order and instead decided to get french fries. A half hour later and the rest of us (a total of 6 people in our party) were finished with our plates and the fries had still not arrived. When all was said and done, my friends paid more for the 1 speciality drink (they got a free plastic cup- whoopie!) than for their meal-- one plate of chicken wings.  Therefore, I give this restaurant 3 stars: Great calamari and margharita Horrible kitchen service and overpriced drinks. Oh yeah- the plastic cup was tacky as well.   My advice- only go here for the appetizers and a couple of drinks but nothing else.
5, I am basing this review on having been converted to Mabel's artisan's breads. There are two or three varieties, including their pain de compagne, which I regularly purchase and store sliced in the freezer and then warm in the toaster oven for breakfast or lunch.  The price of their loaves is reasonable considering the exceptional quality and the good size.  In my opinion they do not COMPARE to Blackbird Baking company whose breads I found to have a crumbly texture and were relatively flavourless and while ACE is still a very good bread company, their loaves taste relatively mass produced when compared to MABEL'S.  I go to the St. Clair location, where service is always friendly and attentive.  On the weekends there is a slightly greater selection of baked goods (cinnamon rolls and cheesy focaccia).  The sweet offerings that I have tasted are delicious, but I have repeatedly purchased their various fruit-filled danishes which appear to be the best value given comparable product elsewhere in the area and sell out quickly.  Always a good idea to come as early as you can.
5, I was afraid of this place when I walked in to the somewhat sketchy stripmall with the wrong restaurant name on the outside.  However, once inside the experience was great.  The AYCE is 20 for lunch and 22 for dinner, one of the better ayce deals in town.  However, this is one of the few places you can fill up without using the AYCE.  Rolls were all marked 1/2 off on the printed menu so you could get a 4 piece roll for 4.95 and an 8 pc special roll for 8.95.  Someone who is full after 2 or 3 rolls can slide in under $22.00 and still manage to taste several different items.  I tried the roll called "the Sh$T"  It is really good.  I would get it again.  The waitress explained what was in it but I didn't pay attention. Something about crab, special sauce deep fried, blah blah.  I also had the soft shell crab appetizer which was part of the AYCE.  It was good, but not great.  For rolls I had a red dragon, a baked scallop roll (4pc) and the last roll, I can't remember its name but it was awesome, the best roll I had all day.  THis is definitely going into my rotation.
1, Checking out the Container Park and then decided to have a brunch at this place. First, it was a small restaurant but nice decor and setup. There was no host at all so the waiter said we could sit wherever we want. Okay, got it. Next, he poured us some water and then took the extra napkin and utensils from our table. For the next 10 minutes...tik tok tik tok... no one ever came to our table and asked for our order? I kept looking around and found so many employees on a small establishment but yet no one can ever keep up the guests? I could even serve guest by myself only with that small establishment. Soon, an employee passed by and I grabbed him and told him our order and he said.. Sorry, I am not your waiter but what do you want? Well, nobody paid attention to us??? So if he is not the waiter but can he just HALLER???? to anyone? So he took our order and then tik tok tik tok for another 15 mins. our order still not coming and yet the people right after us got already their order before us?? Umm time to stand up and walked away!!!   To the management of The Perch... Please... look around your establishment...It is not hard to keep up with your customer. I can do it with my one eye closed serving guests. Let alone you have at least 6-7 employee that wasn't paying attention. Time To Gather Your People and Re-Trained Them.
3, 3 stars for friendly service and decent food.   My husband and I went to have dinner there the other night. We figured that this place had to be on point. The line is always wrapped around the building whenever we would go to Albertson's for groceries. So we gave it a shot. Being pregnant, I have had my infamous food aversions, so I no longer have a love for chicken. So I was looking forward to sinking my teeth into a nice, juicy, char grilled burger!   Once we got home, we tasted our food. The French fries were stale and kind of chewy. Probably not their fault. French fries tend to get a little cold and stale once you get home from the establishment. I ordered the Garlic Portobello mushroom burger and my husband ordered the BBQ bacon burger. Well, they were pretty good. But honestly, I can live without ever having to eat there again. The burgers tasted like something you can get from Applebee's or TGIFriday's. Not bad, but nothing original or to run through the neighborhood screaming about. We will just stick to Smash Burger, Bachi Burger and In n Out for now on.
2, So I've admitted in the Biltmore location's review that I secretly LOVE Cheesecake Factory, but this particular location stinks.    Lunch is always busy, and service (up to now) was so-so.  But most recently my co-workers took me to lunch here for my birthday, and here is how the exchange with our 22 year old skanky server went. I swear I am not making this up.  We place our orders and then my co-workers call over our server.  Let's call the 22 year old skanky server Tammy McSleazerston.  Co-workers:  (point over at me like I'm not there, as if to request some kind of retarded ice cream, song and dance freebie) It's his birthday today, could we have some kind of something for him. TM:  (In baby voice, and taking her index finger and pointing at her right cheek) Aww, is it your boothday tuhday Mishtuh Man?? Me:  (Stunned, and not knowing what to say)  Um yeah. TM says she'll be back, and walks away. Me and Co workers:  (Look at each other jaw-dropped)  We finish lunch, they give me my stupid ice cream, and we leave a crappy tip and a note to the manager to rein in his flippant servers -- and no apology, or other response.
1, The employees were nice girls, but the gel manicure and spa pedicure I received were below average. My cuticles weren't trimmed well, my feet weren't scrubbed well, and the manicure left my fingers BURNING INTENSELY for a couple hours afterwards. My hand was under the UV light and I felt some burning so I pulled my hand out and looked at it. The technician said, "Oh, is it burning?" I told her yes, and she replied with "That's weird" and kinda shrugged it off... I'm sure this isn't the first time that's happened since she obviously knew what the issue was when I pulled my hand out. The sensation would come and go with intensity. I'm not sure if it was because she got the gel on my skin and it cured, or if the chemicals in the gel polishes were low grade or had been manipulated in some way, but I've NEVER had that pain happen to me during any of my numerous manicures. I redeemed my Groupon and left... as I was driving home, the pain got worse. It was so bad, I was nearly in tears and was considering stopping at Quick Care. I am afraid to get another gel manicure from ANYWHERE after this experience and will NEVER go back. It's a shame because the girl was sweet and I'm sure didn't mean to cause me pain, she just didn't know what she was doing and will end up costing this business money.
2, A nice restaurant to drop in and have a drink...but that's the problem as East Fremont is growing there are plenty of nice places to drop in and have a drink. Love the ambiance and decor but the food is simply meh.  Think Chevy's meets Vanguard Lounge...except I can at least think of a couple dishes at Chevy's I like.  I came here with several friends and one asked the server for nachos. The entertainment went as follows: Her: Can I please have nachos? Server: We don't have nachos Her: Do you have chicken, tortilla chips, salsa, cheese, beans, guacamole, and sour cream. Server: Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, and yes. Her: Then you have nachos. Server: Sorry we do not serve nachos, this restaurant is authentic mexican. Her: [pout face]  She then proceeded to order each individual item as a side and dumped them on her plate and made...yup nachos. So yeeeahhh, if it's not considered "authentic" I get if it's not on the menu but if you have the ingredients what's so hard about accommodating a guests request? She didn't ask someone to go slice up some beef stomach and make menudo. I guarantee it took more energy to individually prepare and serve those items, then to just dump them on a pile of chips. I don't get it, anyway, rant over.   The food is subpar and considering that there are multiple "authentic" Mexican restaurants within a two mile radius, this place would only be good for a quick drink.
5, Pretty remarkable.  I had a tire fail on I-74 Tuesday night and left my car on the road shoulder ( because my spare tire was no longer good). Unbeknownst to me, my car was towed in the early AM hours by the State Police. This cost me $235.00 right out of the gate.  Andy's towing discovered that my car had been impounded the next morning while trying to locate it.  After finding this out- I asked the guys at Andy's to help me out and at least get my car out of impound for the money I had paid them. ( the impound company - another local towing and auto repair business- wouldn't touch my car or help me, but was willing to charge me an addition $65 to tow the car to a tire store and an additional $45 if the car was there overnight. This, in addition to the initial $235.00 charge).  Andy's picked my car up, and WITHOUT MY ASKING- bought a very nice used tire to replace the blown tire, installed it, and delivered the car TO MY HOME. All for $125.00.  The towing business can be a dirty business full of jaded and shady characters. Andy's really is that rare and honorable small operator. It's also a local business- as I came to find out- that has been owned and operated by the same man, in the same location, for 42 years.  Here's to you, Andy! and thank you!
5, So all the Round Table Pizza chains in Vegas shut their doors and removed their signs... damn shame if you ask me as i was born and raised in the bay and Round Table has always been my favorite franchise of pizza. Damn. So after driving to their location on Sahara and Ft Apache with a craving for pizza just to find it closed i suggested hitting up Custom Built as it's been on my to do list for quite some time and we were set on pizza.  True to all their reviews and advertisement you pretty much build your own pizza from their selection of crusts and toppings.   I've been here twice back to back. First time i got a half and half of buffalo chicken and bbq chicken with a few add toppings and they turned out great.  Second time i tried to 'layer' the flavors by asking them to make rings of sauce on the crust before cheese and toppings are added. The result wasnt as i was expecting and i realized they dont put a lot of sauce because it makes the pie soggy.  I expect to be coming here frequently to try out the different combinations of pies.
5, I've been wanting to check this spot out, but it took me forever to get there. Finally my sis and her husband wanted some food, so off to The Vig Uptown we went.  Prior to heading over there, I checked my trusty Yelp, and liked what I saw. I read that it was in some random former bank, but it was not until we arrived at The Vig, did I realize that it was the bank my Dad used to take me as a kid. Waves of positive nostalgia washed over me, this place used to send balloons to kids in cars at the drive thru, and they had a huge Kachina doll there. Weird how memories take you back.  Anyway, arriving Sunday night at around 7, the sign informed us to seat ourselves, and we found a great booth near the bar. I was curious to see how they would notice new people arrived, and out of no where, a friendly server showed up. Drinks were ordered, and we took in the venue. As others have described, The Vig Uptown, is remarkably cozy, warm, and urban.I have to confess I love when reuse happens to old buildings. Rather than bulldoze a bank, turn it into a restaurant. Well done, Vig.  Drinks arrived, and they were super tasty. My sis doesn't drink (don't judge, every family has a black sheep) but our great server, Michelle, recommended a great drink that didn't contain booze, which my sis loved.  The food was amazing, and we even ordered dessert, which was unreal. A brownie sundae sounds simple, and it is, but the execution was outstanding. It was sooo tasty, I highly recommend it.  My only recommendation would be that they provide a non-valet parking option. I don't know of other places where there isn't an option to park elsewhere, or on your own. Maybe if I had an impressive car, I would be all about it, but I drive an Xterra, which isn't exactly flush, although I pretend it is a Cayanne.  A boy can dream.  Overall, this place is really, really well done. The service, food, and venue are just so well executed, I truly can't wait for the next chance to go there.
5, Thank you Phoenix Yelpers for leading me to this awesome place! What did we do before Yelp was born?!   My family and I decided to road trip to Phoenix for the new year. Since we have never been, it sounded like a fun idea. We were staying off of Camelback Rd, which appears to be a popular place for most of the cool places we found. I Yelped some restaurants and even though we were looking for Thai, I was excited to try Cambodian. My husband and I honeymooned in Thailand almost 5 years ago and I have heard the food is similar.  We trekked out to the place and upon arrival, we were leery of the location, but from experience, I know that most of the best ethnic foods are found off the beaten path. I kinda dig that, but in a new city...you don't really know where you are. Putting that aside, we walked into Sekong by Night and were greeted by two dining hipsters. They were so nice and just randomly decided to say hello as we entered. I like it already!  The place was set up with cool picnic-style tables and the front had some Cambodian furniture and decorative items. I like the authentic look of this place. The tables had books about Cambodia on them, so you could get educated while you waited. The young waited greeted us promptly. He was a friendly guy and was always there when you needed something.  I ordered the Red Curry, since there weren't a lot of vegetarian options. There were 6 items that could be made vegetarian. We also got some jasmine tea. I have to say, I have had many red curries, from many places and this one was one of the best! It was bringing back flavors from Chiang Mai, which was one of our stops in Thailand. I seemed to recall the food being this good there and I was happy to consume again!  I wish we had this place in San Diego! Go to Sekong by Night if you live in Phoenix! Even if you are visiting...go! You will be pleasantly surprised and so will your taste buds! It made me want to travel again!
3, Our group went for happy hour on a Friday afternoon, really wanting to like another local addition to downtown Chandler.  I understand they have only been open a week or two, so I was patient when service wasn't the most attentive.  Like when one of us ordered a beer that was on tap and the waitress goes "Huh? I've never heard of that?" and he had to point it out on her "Beers on Tap" cheat sheet she was carrying around.  The men liked the choices of beer, and the Guinness pour was above average with the shamrock detail on top.  They had a wine list, which was a pleasant surprise for me.  We didn't order food.  The space is open with a long bar, long row of tables, and a couple high tables near the front for large groups.  I don't get the bear skeleton in the front.  Just seemed weird.  Now, for the annoying part.  We arrived at around 3:30pm and stayed until 6:30ish......and were asked to cash out our check TWO separate times, meaning we would have THREE different waitresses.  Huh?  Why?  Unfortunately for Murphy's Law, being asked to cash out a second time was all we needed to get us out the door and to El Zocolo for some food.    Overall, hopefully they can work on the staffing kinks.....we'll give it another try.
5, Thank goodness Hubby and I missed breakfast cut off at our hotel and wandered over to Caesar's.  Mesa Grill was my favorite place that we ate when we went to Vegas on our honymoon 2 years ago and it was just as good for brunch!    We were seated almost immediately - a pleasant surprise and ordered Bloody Mary's.  They had a kick but not too spicy.  Bread basket came out - jalepeno corn cakes, blueberry coffee cake (soooo good!), and candied berry scones.  I loved the variety in the bread basket.  Too bad we didn't think to ask if we could bring it home.   My husband had the Mesa Grill burger cooked medium (barf!) and fries and I had some egg dish that had a green chili sauce that was layered on crispy blue tortillas.  It was heavenly.    Our server seemed like he was kind of having a bad day but he was handling it like a champ and having a sense of humor about it.  He was a sport and kept our drinks refilled and food out on the table as soon as it was ready (or so it seemed).  I can't wait til next time we can go to Mesa Grill.
2, Came here with my husband, BFF, and her boyfriend... It was crowded. The wait that was "30 minutes" ended up being an hour at least. And no one mentioned that it would be longer or anything like I don't know ... maybe something that would be the job of the hostess?  The employees here seem a bit... cardboard and detached from reality. Me and my best friend sat at the bar to wait (glad we did with the ridiculous wait) and the bartender never came around to ask if we wanted a drink.  My friend's boyfriend had to go all the way down to the other side to order a drink though the bartenders machine that he was staying at was right in front of us. The "loaded fries" were skinny tasteless luke warm fries with sour cream lightly drizzled on top of them with a dash of bacon and a pinch of chives... on top of some nasty cheese sauce that tastes like it came out of a can. Does that sound loaded to you? The burger was pink even though we asked for no pink. I found the burger to be vastly overrated and quite mediocre. Especially for the price. The egg was gooey tasting on our breakfast burger and the patty had no flavor but was juicy. The bacon added no flavor either but a slight crunch though the burger turns into a gooey, sloppy mess half way through. The bun was also basic considering the attempt of the establishment to appear 'high end'. And everything is 'a la carte' a fancy way of saying you are going to have to pay $7 for chintsy  "loaded" fries (because they don't serve fries with their $10 plus burgers) and $12.50 for the burger. The server was also not friendly and everyone who worked there had that aura of trying too hard which is never appealing. I won't go back here- this experience just sealed the deal.
4, I enjoy staying at the Residence Inn brands because it means you get a suite in your room. It's so convenient to have a little kitchenette and living room area. Granted, I was in Vegas this time around and didn't get to take advantage of it since I was eating out, but at least the option was there. The best thing was that I got a great deal on Priceline for this room for New Year's Eve. Woo hoo!   This place is a little off the strip, but it's not that much further. It's about a block down from the Westin Causarina. This hotel has free breakfast in the morning where they serve juice, coffee, milk , cereal, scrambled eggs, waffles, yogurt (both Activia and the packaged kind with granola on top), sausage patties, and assorted breads and muffins. You can get a filling meal here without having to go out to the buffets or local restaurants. There are several restaurants within walking distance too if you choose not to go far for lunch or dinner - McCormick and Schmick's, Bahama Breeze, Gordon Biersh,  Hamada, and Morton's across the street. They also offer free parking and free wifi, which is a always a plus in my book. Being that it is a Residence Inn, the in-room amenities also include free coffee, tea, and popcorn.   Next time I'm in the area, I definitely would not mind staying here again.
1, Went to the Southeast Crab Feast setup at the Raleigh Seafood Festival this past weekend.  They advertise "All you can eat blue crab sessions" at 2 hours each.  My son and My wife decided they wanted to indulge.  After paying the 33 dollars each for a 2 hour "All you can eat" session, they were extremely excited.  After you pay for the session, you get a plate with 3 crabs on it.  Once you have completed those 3 crabs, you can get in line for another plate of 3 crabs when it is available (cooked crabs were not plentiful) and the average wait time in line was 20 minutes.  After 1 hour of this, they left extremely disappointed and only finished 9 crabs each for their 66 dollars.  What a rip off this is, the "all you can eat" is determined by how many servings they can provide and the time frame between each serving.  I would have rather paid 100 dollars and just steamed my own.  Needless to say, We will not be attending any event where Southeast Crab Feast is serving, nor will we ever attend the Raleigh Seafood Festival again for promoting this SHAM.
1, I'll start by saying that my boyfriend and I have been to many PT's in the city and they have all been pretty awesome. We were enjoying this location until we were slapped with a bill without even asking for it and the bartender saying "here's what you guys owe, just so you know." We were no where close to finished and came here to enjoy an evening together to get some snacks and to play some Keno. We collectively put about $500+ through the machines and we were charged for mostly all of our drinks.  We're not ones to ask for free items ever as we are both in the service industry and understand they have to make money as well (in which we always make sure to take care of our bartenders very well because we go off the original amount of the bill) but as a local you know it's typically customary for drinks to be comped, especially when playing the machines. (Which we played for roughly 5-6 hours for the entire duration of the time we were here.)  He left and incredibly bad taste in our mouth after this action of his and we found this to be INCREDIBLY rude.   After years of loyalty to the company, many long nights, many football games and thousands of dollars played through the machines we're just disappointed. I hope that things will be improved in the future.   Sadly, we probably will not be visiting this location again.
1, As I was looking for a doctor that specializes in tonsils for children I came across Valley ENT. The reviews are great and everything seemed OK I make a call in at 4:45 I'm on hold for a while. The lady who help me on the other line sounded like she was more into what she was chewing what she had in her mouth then talking to me. I was asking certain questions like do they take my insurance? When's the soonest the doctor has an opening? Are they good with children? She seemed to blow off every question I was asking her. I asked if they took my insurance and she says that we would have to call them ourselves to make sure that they are in network they take other Blue Cross Blue Shield but was unsure if they took the Michigan one. I didn't have a problem calling my insurance company but when I asked to please schedule since it was almost 4 weeks out until I can get my daughter in she hangs up on me! I try I try to call back at that time it was 5 PM and I got the answering service, it is so frustrating I wish I got her name so I could call the office manager in the morning. I will definitely be looking for another place to take my daughter to because obviously they don't care about customer service or building the patient relationship what kind of office is this? If I were you I would look at other resources than this office.
4, This place is outstanding!  I usually don't write reviews for chain restaurants and franchises, but this place was so good that I think people in Las Vegas should know about it.  At first, I thought this place would be like a Panera.  It serves the same types of food as Panera, but the quality is significantly superior.    I've been here twice, and each time I got the Pick 2 option for $7.99.  This includes a full-size sandwich and a salad or soup.  I ordered the Vegetarian sandwich both times, and I had the vegetable soup on one occasion and the MangoBerry salad on the other.  All of these items were excellent.  the MangoBerry salad was the best salad I've had in a long time.  It's actually a very healthy salad, but I felt like I was eating candy.  The soup was also really good.  They also have a very extensive soda selection, and additional flavors of syrup that you can squirt into your soda to give it unique tastes.  The complementary chocolate covered strawberry is also a very nice touch.    There's a very modern, clean feel to this restaurant.  They have a "recharge station" where you can plug in your laptop or cell phone.  It seems like the type of place where they wouldn't mind if you want to come and work on your laptop for a while.  The only reason I didn't give them five stars is because their employees are a little overly-friendly.  From the second you walk in to the place, there's a person holding the door open for you, and all too eager to tell you about what's on the menu and how to order.  Whoever owns this place would do well to tell the employees to back off just a little and give customers a chance to look up at their menu on their own and take it all in.  This is definitely a great place with nice atmosphere and good food at great prices.  I'll come here again.
5, This is one of my cheap go-to hang out spots for pool. Le Cue features about 10+ tables, 2 foosball tables and a couple of booths to chill in. Friday and weekend nights are packed with twenty something year olds having a good time, but weekdays and daytime there's usually only a few tables going and one of the pros is that the place is spacious so you don't feel packed or crowded. Even at max capacity, you are still able to move around without a problem and it's not claustrophobic. Another point is that the venue is clean and well kept. The vibe is also very chill and fun.  Service is pretty good. They are always nice and helpful when you need it. I can't really comment on the food because I have not tried it but we have ordered drinks and no complaints there. They also serve free water as well.  Music is mostly top 100 billboard and has a good flow to it. My only tiny issue is that sometimes the music is too loud, but that only happens a fraction of the time I go. Place is good. Service is good. Music is good. Price is great when you split it with your friends. Itching to play pool? Le Cue is a good shot for a good time. (Haha)
4, Went here last night with a group of five. It was a wonderful evening. We were hopeful to sit out in the patio area but when we realized it was 90 degrees outside and patio was not really cooled down we opted for the inside area. We were actually seated downstairs (which I didn't know they have) and it was wonderful.   The Food. I had the gnocchi, with was absolutely delicious. Not too heavy and balanced out nicely with the fennel, asparagus and lobster. Someone else at our table had the pork chop and was very pleased. We all opted for dessert as well. My creme brûlée was wonderful and I appreciated the addition of some fresh strawberries, (instead of the usual raspberries) since they are in season. Everyone was very pleased with their meals.   My only side comment is the kitchen/bar seemed to be a bit slow. Our waitress was wonderful and on top of things. Filled up our water glasses as much as she could while we waited. We did have to inquire about our drinks because it just seemed to be taking a while and we didn't order any special cocktails. However, once we did get our drinks things were moving but just at a little bit overall slower pace. However, I actually appreciated that. We all settled in to enjoy our great wine, food and dessert. It was a great evening relaxing and enjoying sharing each other's company around the table.
2, Was excited to have a dim sum place in Madison. We ordered a bunch of different dishes. 7 total which is a bit too much for two people but we're able to take them home.   We were disappointed in the Xiao Long Buns (Baos). There was no juice in them. Typically, you eat these with a spoon. You place one on a spoon and nibble some of the top off. Then you proceed to slurp out the super yummy juice. Anyways, these are more like steamed dumplings though the meat was very mushy and wouldn't hold its shape. It seemed like they used a lot of fillers, possibly flour, that made the meat act this way.   I would recommend the pot stickers instead though there were a LOT of chives.   The deep-fried dough sticks was the best dish we had. It's best to eat these hot.   Although they do mention *picture for reference only, please prevail in kind* on the menu, it was disappointing to get no veggies in the vegetable crepe. There are absolutely no greens on the dim sum menu. Instead it was filled with different types of fungi. It would have been nice to have some real veggies in it.   On to the sweets - the deep-fried sesame balls are good. The outer shell was a bit harder and crunchier than I have had before, but overall they were tasty.   The puffy egg custard tarts are good though the shell is a bit in the buttery side. The flavor is good though.   The service was good and attentive. They speak both English and Mandarin. I didn't hear any other dialects when I was there.   If you have never been to a dim sum place, they will walk you through it. Basically, just mark down how many of the dishes you want. You can always request more later. Each dish will come one at a time so expect a wait in between dishes.   For those who have had good dim sum, you may be disappointed. Things are on the greasy and salty side, as others have mentioned.
5, So this is my first review and I wanted it to be for one of my favorite places.  I have come here about 20 times in the last 4 months. I have tried almost everything and I am in love with this place.    If you are in a mood for a salad their 2 salads are excellent.  I prefer the carne asada salad but both are great and the portion is very generous with lots of meat.  Its hard for me to come here though and not at least get a side of  charro beans which are amazing. This is why I also love getting a combo platter because it comes with rice, charro beans, and 2 tacos.  I love their tacos. My favorite is carne asada tacos on corn tortillas.  Their salsas are very delicious.  The guacamole is fresh. You can't go wrong with anything you order. All the food seems very light and fresh.  Not at all greasy like most mexican restaurants.  Thats part of the reason I love coming back because you can tell they are using fresh ingredients in everything they make.   I still have yet to try a desert (raspado) but I have seen them and they look delicious.  I have been trying to stay away from the sweets.  My brother does always order a horchata to drink and he loves it.  Claims its better than other horchatas.  Just writing this review has made me want to go back for more.
3, I can't recall the last time I wanted to like a place as much as I wanted to like Primanti Bros. Saw them on several Food Network shows including Drive Ins, Diners and Dives and was totally stoked to eat there. Sadly, I don't get the hype.   Ordered the recommended pastrami sandwich complete with fries and coleslaw. The bread was delicious but that's where it ended. The fries and coleslaw totally overpowered the pastrami, so much so that I dismantled it and ate the aforementioned components separately. Fries were good but since the place is literally a 10 second walk from the O, considered to have the best fries in the world, I was disappointed. Coleslaw was unremarkable which brings us to the pastrami. Mind you, I was weened on pastrami from several of NYC's best delis so my bar is set fairly high. But even if it wasn't, theirs tasted like shoe leather and I could barely bite through it.  Service was, however, awesome. I just wish I wasn't so disappointed in the food. Maybe when I visit my son in Pittsburgh again I will give them another whirl. But for now, a shake of the head and a sigh. Disappointed.
1, This place is a scammers paradise.  I called AAA to have my car towed and they were supposed to take me to a car repair shop.  When the tow truck arrived (ABC Towing), the guy talked me into going a different car repair shop then the one AAA suggested.  I kept asking did he have their information and he kept saying he would give it to me  in a second.  After he had my car up on the tow truck he gave me the business card and it was for ABC auto repair....the same company as the towing company.  The tow truck driver said that they would be affordable and most likely able to repair my radiator.  And not have to be replaced.  Of course, when I call to tell them what happened to my car (stupid boulders in the middle of las vegas boulevard), and that my radiator was leaking....I told them I wanted to know if they could repair it).  She said they would look at it then let me know.  So she tells me that it would be $400+ for them to replace my radiator, I cant afford that. So I decide to hire a mobile mechanic (very good by the way)  So I go to pick up my vehicle, and have it towed away (and of course AAA assigns them again).  They hand me this $100 diagnostic fee bill.  I told the lady i never approved a diagnostic and im not paying a diagnostic fee bill.  I told THEM what was wrong with my car - why would I turn around and pay you for telling me the same thing I told you?  I had the Nevada Bureau of Automotive Repair ready to be dialed in my phone, but she just "$0'd" out the bill, and let me go.  But someone please tell me why it took over an hour for them to tow my car to a spot I probably could have pushed my car to?  You have my car, you are the tow company, why am I waiting 1+ hours to have my car towed?  Save your money and avoid this place!
1, A great example of #poor #service . This must be the worst experience I ever had. I just want everyone in #toronto to know that #windmobile is the worst company. I should be at full speed up to 5 Giga bites a month. And look at this speed test.  Their cusomter rep is telling me everything is good on his end. All BS I tell you. Scam scam scam #CTRC should get on this .  While I'm here  10 months ago I signed up on plan with tab because I couldn't buy the S5 Samsung valued at 650 + tax = 735$. I had the phone for about 10 months now and made exactly 9 payments of 25$/month towards the tab which technically means 225$. So if you subtract 735 from 225 that would give you 510$ . Right ?  Well wrong I called today to buy the phone and get rid of the tab payment and #wind rep told me that I own 670$ on the phone. Does this make any sense !!!! I also had complained and asked to speak to a manager but I was told that I manager will call me back. No one called me back. I don't recommend this company to anyone.
4, This place is kind of a hidden gem at The Venetian. I would never have thought to give this place a try had it not been for the thick "Yellow Pages" type book in the hotel room (where it was listed) and for Yelp. My friend and I came here around 5:30 on a Saturday and were, luckily, seated right away (I don't believe they take reservations). It is a small restaurant, but quaint. I love that the waiters spoke Italian; it made it more authentic to me. Also, our waiter was funny and really nice.  As for the food, it's yummy. The portions are big and you won't hurt your wallet eating here. Thank you to whoever suggested the meatballs. I think they are, by far, the best I've ever had. They were full of flavor and super moist. The garlic rolls were delicious as well. I was torn between the Penne in Vodka Sauce and Linguine Carbonara and the waiter suggested the latter. I am definitely glad he steered me that way because it was really good. If I had more room in my stomach I would've devoured the last three or four bites. My friend had the pepperoni pizza (I can't remember what it was listed under on the menu) and that was good as well (super big portions, it's like ordering a medium from Pizza Hut). The tiramisu was a perfect ending to the meal. I'd love to come here again and try their other dishes.
5, I was married in November but we had never had a honeymoon, I wanted to do something special for Valentine's weekend as of this point my husband and I are living in two separate cities. I went to the hotel in person to book a room, was helped by Josh, who was superb. When I told him I wanted a romantic experience he explained their romance package to me, it sounded great and it WAS!!!! Met all our expectations. Josh was also there when I checked in, answered all our questions immediately. The room was set up even nicer than explained by Erin the food and beverage manager! We had a dozen roses and two long-stemmed roses, one on each pillow, there were two little bottles of champagne and a bowl of strawberries. A gift certificate was included for the restaurant downstairs, we decided to do that on the Friday night (Valentine's). There were a lot of people there watching Olympic hockey, Josh and Chelsea moved us pretty quickly to a private room for dinner and waited on us there!!! The next morning we got our in-room breakfast included in the package, was very wonderful, omelets, coffee, fruit, everything we needed, they did not bring salt and pepper originally but brought some within about three minutes after we pointed it out. We had brought a cake with us, they gave us plates and a cake cutter for that. I asked for a vase for the long stemmed roses and they gave us that. Upon checkout, I had asked for something to put all my roses in because they were still pretty and they gave us foil to wrap them in to bring them home. It was wonderful, romantic weekend, just what I was hunting, so happy we did this, was more than I could have expected. Everyone was very friendly and helpful. Would definitely recommend this!!!
4, Authentic, tasty & expertly prepared food, this pretty much sums up our meal at Haji Baba.  We decided to have lunch here after reading the glowing reviews for this place on yelp. At first glance, it looked like any other store in a strip mall but inside, it is divided into a store front & a restaurant. The space is clean & the service is excellent/attentive.   our lunch consisted of a vegetarian combo plate(falafel x2, baba ganouj, tabbouleh, grape leaves x2) shish kabob plate(lamb kabob x5 pieces,rice, lettuce salad with tahini,1 Arabic bread) side of labni( kind of cream cheese), ful mudammas (mix of beans in a flavored curry sauce)- yes we were really hungry :) In the veggie combo- The falafel was crispy, freshly made & grape leaves were unlike any I have eaten. The ful mudammas was tasty, well prepared/flavored without being spicy. In case of the shish kabob plate- the lamb was well cooked (I asked for medium done meat & that's what I was served) but it was bland. The portions are huge but prices are reasonable .  Don't miss picking up some yummy middle eastern desserts from the store, to finish up your meal.   We left Haji Baba, stuffed/content & with lotsa doggie bags!
1, Although our server was very cordial and apologetic, service as a whole was still pretty atrocious during our experience. My friend had ordered the shrimp from the appetizer menu as her entree and ordered a side of rice to go along with it, and I ordered the braised pork which already comes with the rice. 20 minutes or so pass by and our waiter brings my friend's shrimp to the table, no rice, at this time my waiter finally remembers to bring me my beer order. We inquire about my friend's missing rice, he brings it over, then shortly after I too get my entree... no rice. I get our waiter's attention once again to inquire about my rice, about 10 minutes later my rice finally makes it to the table, but at this time my entree is no longer hot. Our food was tasty, it was a nice intimate atmosphere, they had a tiny but decent beer selection, but If you're planning on dining here better take a lot of patience with you, (probably not worth a second trip in my opinion) unless they perhaps, get a clue from other yelpers and improve on what seems to be some major communication issues within their staff?
5, Are there really words in the English language to describe how wonderful this food is?  Not even close.  This is by far the best Middle Eastern cuisine I've had in the valley.  Lots of entrees to choose from, so many different desserts, and if you're feeling bold, you can try one of their unique drink options. (+ positive, - negative, -/+ neutral)  -/+ Sometimes the wait can be long, especially during lunch hour.  But I wouldn't say that this should keep you away.  The food is worth it.  + Chicken Shawarma  + Gyros  + Lots of food.  Sometimes you have to roll me out to the car when I'm done... and I STILL have left overs.  + Friendly, helpful staff that will make you feel at home.  -/+  Decor.  I've heard some people hate on the "look" of the restaurant.  It's not a wine and dine kind of place and honestly, it's not that bad.  It's just a bunch of tables and chairs, but is that what you're there for?  No, you're there for the amazing, bountiful meal that your little tummy has been begging for.  It's clean, whether some people say that or not.  I'm pretty sure they wouldn't win Best-of awards for almost 30 years if they were bad at keeping things picked up.
3, Kofusion has always been a solid option in downtown Champaign for years.  If not the best sushi I have had, but given that is Uchi in Houston or Austin so that is not completely fair, it is still serviceable.  The atmosphere is great and modern looking without being stuffy or overly chic for no reason.  The patio area is one of the best downtown.  The spot is always packed, even on a Monday during the summer when all the U of I students are gone.  So service is a little swamped, but they will check on you when they get a chance and kitchen times are usually spot on.  A handful of micros on tap.  Various offerings from Oskar Blues, Dogfish Head, and Bells.  Sushi can be anywhere from very good to meh.  There has been enough inconsistency for me to not give this a full four star.  Sometimes they just over do it, and other times it might not be the freshest.  My latest visit on Monday I had the Unagi roll, which is fresh water eel.  Very good, if not exceptional.  This was done in a very tasteful way and not over done, like some other rolls can be.    They just always fall short of exceptional to me.  Even so, that won't stop me from making other visits in the future.  They are a downtown staple, and try hard.  Certainly a good spot that sometimes falls a little short.
5, Went after reading reviews. Nice, open and clean establishment. Ordered takeout so dine service review will have to wait. Food was very good. Really enjoyed the taste  Lollipop chicken 5/5. It was flavourful and juicy, eat it hot.   Chicken fried wonton 3/5, lacks flavour punch but they use a good amount of stuffing.  Crispy beef, 5/5, went on recommendation of another reviewer and it did not disappoint. Was a hit with my party of 4. Especially liked the charred red chillies in the dish. Nice and smoky  Kungpao chicken 4/5, always my go to dish, so always biased, but flavor were good, and unlike most other Chinese or hakka places not loaded with green peppers or water chestnut. Also has a deep smoky flavor tone from the charred red chillies.  Nasigoreng fried rice 3. 5/5. Nice flavor but tapered down to act as a base for the curries and saucy dishes, huge quantity,  Hakka noodles 3/5 had a bit of an after taste, maybe reused oil to stir fry.  I will definitely go again.  They also have a Thai menu. Looking to order from there in my next visit.  RECOMMEND TO MANAGEMENT: switch out your oils often, especially if you are deep frying a lot. Otherwise wish you all the success in the world. Very glad you chose the neighborhood to open your establishment.
4, last night a friend and i stopped by tapino because of all the great reviews here and we were very pleased at the choice.  We barely made it to happy hour in the vino lounge, but the server was very friendly and even gave us a last call 5 minutes before 7PM so we could order a second round.  for $45 we shared 4 glasses of wine and 5 tapas, which ended up being the perfect sized meal for two girls who'd just eaten about a pound of chocolate. (see seven sisters review!)   the yucca frites with argentinian chimmi churri were a highlight for us. much denser than potato fries, they had a creamier texture and the chimmi churri was delicious.  we also tried 3 different cheeses all of which were excellent, and the eggplant cannelloni which was good but nothing to write home about.   the wine lounge is an outdoor deck draped with white curtains and white couches and ottomans, it is very chic but unpretentious and we had a great time! there wasn't a crowd of people outside, which was nice, but of course it was only a wednesday evening.  we hung out until 9ish then walked around the strip mall before heading out.   calm atmosphere, friendly staff throughout, comfortable seating and yummy food. the wine wasn't bad either.  delightful!
5, I couldn't wait to get home and yelp this place. Five stars, too!  After a (raw chicken) bad experience some 13 years ago, I hadn't been to Bandera until tonight. WOW! It was a GREAT experience!!!  We started off with a grilled artichoke which was fabulous!  Both of us had the Texas Hill Country Ribs which came with cole slaw (not your ordinary cole slaw) and the most delish matchstick fries.  Unfortunately, I don't eat seeds and nuts (peanuts in the cole slaw...my husband loved it) but the very polite and wonderful server, Sarah, offered some other sides and I picked the braised red cabbage, which came with a little goat cheese on the top which was to die-for delish!! Home made wonderful braised red cabbage!  The entire meal was SUPERB! The service was phenomenal, and we were lucky enough to sit by the kitchen and see all of the dishes come out...they all looked YUMMY!  I am so happy that my neighbor suggested Bandera's ribs, and will go back frequently as you can tell this place is run as a tight ship. Everyone is polished, polite and efficient! The food is an experience in perfection, and the service tip top! Next time, I'll take some pictures (if I'm not too hungry)...  I don't think it's a shorts and jeans type of place but a dressy/casual type of place, if you know what I mean... REALLY EXCELLENT FOOD!
5, I don't really want to tell you 'bout this place. Should I? Maybe I shouldn't. After all, it's a gem. Maybe I should be selfish and keep it to myself.   Yeah, I really don't want to tell you how great this place is. I don't want to tell you that the bartender is one of the most friendly, funny and attentive guys I've seen behind the bar (why I can't remember his name right now, I don't know). I don't want to tell you that the drinks are served strong and fast. I don't want to tell you that there's live music to please your ears - and get your foot tappin'. Nor do I want to tell you that you can play darts or pool in a very, very casual and laid back atmosphere.   You see, I love going to Pat Murphy's. No pretensions. No fuss. Just real people - some more rough around the edges than others - enjoying "going out" as it should be enjoyed. Don't expect state-of-the-art dart machines or unscratched pool balls. This isn't your trendy bar. It's no dive, either. It's exactly what you want when you just want to chill out, have a few really well-made drinks and hang out with friends.  No, I don't want to tell you that this Irish Pub is quickly one of my favorites in the Valley. But, since you asked, I guess I have to.
4, I go to the Fairmount fairly often, but only out of convenience.  It is within walking distance of my apartment so if my roommate and I want to grab a quick  drink this is where we tend to go.  However, I am moving to Lakewood in a few weeks and I wouldn't say it is worth the drive.   They have a pretty good Martini, Wine, and Beer list, better than most places located on the east side.  However, they can be pretty expensive, so I usually limit myself to two dirty vodka martinis which is already over $20.   The food is okay,  I wouldn't recommend going here for dinner, but a light appetizer for happy hour instead.   They do have a happy hour with martinis around $6 which is definitely worth it.  The patio is nice when it gets warmer out and there tends to be a lot of people out there.  However, the one night only the patio was open (they didn't have anyone working inside), so if you are not a fan of outdoor drinking/eating, you may want to reconsider going here if that is the case.    The staff is friendly and very knowledgeable about every drink they have on their menu.  They make decent recommendations with the wine, sometimes I have been a little disappointed.
1, When the owner, Joey, tells me that they should be putting 8oz of steak on their steak sandwich and I only see 5 pieces and its well done when I ordered it med rare...he does the right thing.  He gives me a $20 gift card.  He gives me a promise that he'd go back into the kitchen, get the staff to make sure the amount is 8 oz, and make it right the next time I come in.  He gives me a card, with his cell to let him know if they get it right.  This was last Saturday.  Well, tonight I gave his Bell establishment that 2nd chance.  I ordered the same meal.  I ordered a steak sandwich this time medium.  I was hoping his word was gold and I was going to taste redemption.  Well, as you can see by the stars, "Eek, Me thinks not".  The steak count is 7 pieces and the weight...3.5 oz.  (we took it to go).  And again, the steak was well done.  I call in.  I talk to the manager Austin. I let him know the situation.  He wants to make it right (again).  I pass... I'm over it.  He says the next time I come in......... but I stop him and tell him there's not going to be a next time.  I just want him to relay to Joey that it wasn't right.  We live in the neighborhood.  I was hoping this place would stick and we could dine here on a regular basis.  Well, unfortunately, we won't.  I see a lot of positive reviews.  So, I hope they do well.  This spot has turned over a handful of times.  And we need s solid restaurant in that location.  For me, it doesn't fulfill that need.  Only time will tell.
2, Normally we love Papa John's, but they don't deliver to our place.  We really wanted pizza so ordered carryout from what we thought was the Middleton store.  Our mistake we ordered from here.  That's ok.  It was our mistake.  However, this store is insanely hard to find and get to and there is zero parking outside for carryout.  We ordered online from another store and the order stated it would be ready in 45 minutes.  It gave us a time.  It actually took longer than 45 minutes to weave through the square and finally park illegally in an alley behind the store while the husband went to get said pizzas.  They were just putting them in the oven.  So we had to wait another twenty minutes and staff wasn't apologetic, just rude stating that the pick up time is an estimate.  The pizza was fine.  It was fresh and stayed warm on an eighty degree day until we were home to eat it.  But....it's not worth the trip and while I gave no real issues with it taking an hour plus to be ready for carryout during a busy time of day  that should be acknowledged ahead of time.
4, Not all restaurant reboots are successful but Avenue Bar seems to be one of the fortunate few.   As someone who loved the old school wood paneling, original furniture and supper club fare, it was a bit of a shock to step foot into the bright, mid century modern designed space with cool earth tones and new cream colored leather booths.   The menu has undergone a considerable makeover (e.g. oysters and carpaccio) and we happened to dine during their Sunday Chicken and Champagne (mind blown), which is case in point that this is not your dad's Avenue Bar.   Also the staff has been overhauled with the median age 25--they're all friendly and attentive, seemingly at home here or in an Eddie Bauer catalog.   Cheese curds were ordered -- they're definitely bigger and seasoned differently than the old recipe but it's a flavorful upgrade that was approved by the table. Brandy old fashions were still well made with a strong pour and classic garnishes.   The chefs kindly accommodated our request and made deep fried walleye (typically reserved only for Friday), which came with fries (average) and cole slaw (above average with a nice vinegar and sweet balance). The 4-piece fried chicken was light and crispy, the oil was definitely fresh. The side of green beans were also a bright spot, well blanched and lightly oiled and salted, which complemented everyone's entree.   Well done Food Fight, well done.
1, I don't even know where to begin...We had been here before and the first time around the food was amazing! Everything was fresh and prepared exactly how we had requested so we were excited to be back. We live in Henderson and made the drive here to eat here again. We walked into this restaurant around 9pm for dinner with my parents and grandparents. We ordered a very basic dinner of Dal Makhani, Chicken tikka masala, Tandoori chicken, a couple of roti and a garlic naan. It's really hard for us to judge spice levels in some Indian restaurants so we always order medium. When the tandoori chicken arrived it was bland, and I mean like completely bland to the point where we were drowning it in mint chutney. We asked our server to change the spice level on our entrees since medium was bland. So food arrived and guess what. It was bland! We asked the server whether he had changed the spice level in the kitchen and we didn't quite get a clear answer. My grandmother tasted the Dal and she almost spit it back out on her plate and stated that it tasted old like it had been reheated and the consistency was off as well. Dal is supposed to be bisque like consistency and it was just this unappetizing blob. The owner happened to be around and my dad told him that the food was terrible. The owner offered no apologies but instead offered to reheat the dal and make it spicier. We quietly finished our "dinner" and made it very clear to the server that we wouldn't be back he didn't seem to care. My grandfather hated it so much that he actually said eating off the Dollar Menu at McDonalds would've been a better dinner. Needless to say I wouldn't return to this place ever again. If you're looking for good, fresh Indian food I suggest Taj Palace on Eastern and Richmar.
1, NEVER EVER STAY HERE!!!  You will regret it.    It took me over 7 hours to get a room.  The front desk staff or awful!!  No customer service.   I will never stay at this Westin or any because of my experience. I had 9 employees with me.  We spent 11K at this hotel for the week.   All of us had to wait over 7 hours for a room.  The reason we  were told even after we complain to the corporate Westin was the following:  " As stated this was our peak check in time" WTF People!!!!    Every hotel has a peak time.   I travel every week for work.  I have Never had to waited 7 hours for a room. Then after waiting this long.  I go to my room and it had NOT been cleaned from the previous guest.  I go back down to the not so friendly front desk.  And I was told.  "yes it is"   I said no it is not.  Room service from the previous night is still in the room.  the sheets or on the floor and trash is everywhere.  I was told  "Well the computer says it is"   Do you still want this room?   WTF!!  really!!!   I had to wait another 45 minutes to get a room.   Then I get to this room  NO WATER!!!!     I did not have any Hot water for the four days I was at the Westin.     POOR  POOR  POOR SERVICE and they do not care..    No gift shop.  No place to get bottle water, coke etc.     DO NOT STAY AT THIS PLACE!!!   It is ran by and bunch of idiots!!
1, My wife and I have been customers forever and the lack of customer service received at this store was appalling. We went to this store, received nothing but attitude from the associate, Bianca when we were trading our phones in for the $200 credit we were promised by the GM himself. This credit was part of a promo given when we renewed our contract two weeks before, which we completed with the GM. We came back two weeks later to get our iPhones that were out of stock the first time we went in. Instead, she wanted to give us $38 (where that number was from, couldn't be answered from her either) for our trade. After telling her, her own boss promised us the full $200, she said that we were wrong. We asked to speak to someone else, she refused. We confronted another assoiate and told him that she said $38 and he even disagreed with her. We asked to speak to her manager, then magically she came back stated that her manager on duty would override and give us the $200 credit. She was completely unprofessional and rude and it made our experience at this store annoying and horrible.
4, Love love love the ambiance of this place. My date and I were seated in the "outdoor" terrace area which is really a faux outdoor next to faux greenery but it was beautiful and much more private. When we first arrived in our cozy area there was only one other couple on the terrance. Our area was so quiet, it really made you put your phone away and just be "in the moment" with someone. I think the tables and lighting are placed appropriately where you feel like you're in our own little bubble away from everyone else.  I don't remember any exact plates that I liked. We had the 16 course meal and the food became a blur of goodness. Everything was executed well. Service was superb, everyone was extremely friendly and each plate came out not too long after we finished the previous plate. I do remember the amazing giant blob of butter in a giant bell jar! Imported from Great Britain the server said. I wanted the bread cart to come around just so I could see the butter being shaved. When the dessert cart came around I had to try one of each!   Overall, it was a very fun and romantic experience. I'll probably skip the 16 course next time and order a la carte though.
1, Went back a second time, I found the burrito to be decent again, but I'm finding their cash/prep staff to be seriously lacking customer service skills, standing at the cash waiting to be served, I smile I say hello and I just get a vacant stare, fine... i'm not sure if she is ready for my order or what but I went ahead and ordered my burrito...the girl who is reluctantly "serving" me seems too pre-occupied with the music playing and joking with the cook..., she rushes through prepping my burrito, and I ask for a bit more sour cream, which seemed to throw off her rhythm, she looks up at me obviously annoyed. I'm getting a "I'm really too cool for this place" vibe from the cash people, they just seem to be a fairly unfriendly lot in general. It's not horrible service, but you definitely get the feeling that they want you to hurry up and order so they can get back to dancing, goofing off and acting cool.  Its sad because I was very polite to her and found the lack of customer service quite annoying and unfair, now I'm not looking to be best friends with these people, but it would be nice to not get attitude, especially when you are being polite and friendly to them.   My advice to them is, if you are too prideful, and think you're too cool for your job, give it up, quit and let someone that actually needs one and cares about being employed take your place. It's hard to want to return to a place where the people that make your food are annoyed because, they are making you food...  *** And to add, I even messaged the owner who previously complimented me on my first review, and told him about my disappointing experience, and of course, I got zero response, apparently they are only interested in positive reviews, they don't want to learn about or address their weaknesses. ***   Too bad so sad.... I'm done, customer lost... for what it;s worth, Fat Bastard Burrito's are 1000x better anyway... they are more authentic and don't take 20 minutes to make... And they have fantastic customer service, they always seem to be happy and thankful to get your business.. unlike this place...
